++ Aethyr Ship

The device resembled Steam Punk biplane meets Flash Gordon’s space ship. There was a horizontal fuselage that appeared to be made of brass. This was perhaps six meters in diameter and about thirty meters long. There were porthole shaped windows along it that helped give the impression of an aircraft, along with larger rectangular ones at the front. At the base, front and back, were stubby wings, less than two meters long. From these wings ski shaped skids descended, supporting the machine on these four skids.
There were two more stubby wings at the top, above the lower ones, and slung between each set of wings, with a number of bracing struts, were barrel shaped objects reminiscent of engine nacelles. Each was about three quarters of a meter in diameter and about two and a half meters long. Front and back of each was a glowing structure that looked very much like the pointy end of a crystal. The nacelles, struts, and window reinforcing was made from a silvery metal with reddish highlights.


+++ Chingu (attendant of storm god adad) - Navigator of the Aethyr ship
Coming across the square towards us were two creatures that changed shape several times. Initially they both looked like beautiful humans, an unearthly beauty lit with inner light that shouted ‘god like being’. Then the one on the left became a bear like creature, clad in white fur, with four arms. He did that in one stride. A few strides later he was a centaur like creature, and then as he neared us he became semi human. He had two arms and legs, milky skin, blond shoulder length hair and short goatee. He was dressed in brown boots, brown trousers, and a dark blue military style great coat. His eyes were metallic green, iridescent compound eyes about the size of sunglasses lenses. His left hand, poking from the sleeve of his overcoat, was translucent, pale blue crystal. Possibly Tiamat's lover

+++ Tiamat () - Captain of the Aethyr ship
His companion became a white dire wolf the size of a horse. Then it became something nightmarish, with a beak, claws, scales, feathers. The head became that of a crocodile, and then the entire form switched to human like. Female, slender, short curly red hair, pale skin, an overall elfin look, iridescent dragonfly wings at her back that were no longer than my arms. She was wearing a short sleeved jerkin that appeared to be made of iridescent green scales, sky blue tights, and knee high red boots. Her eyes were blue jewels, her left arm and hand had dragon skin, not human skin, and her right hand and arm to the elbow was armoured in some hard, iridescent material resembling a beetle’s wing case. It wasn’t a gauntlet, but her own skin.

+++ Alu – ex servants of Chaos Lords
Alu were half humans and half animals that roamed the streets hiding in dark corners or deserted places. Kidnapped by Chaos lords, forced to serve them. They learned sorcery, but were warped by the power of Chaos.

Some of these are the crew of the Aethyr ship