The Tukani built their robots as synthetic Tukani people, long before they met humans. It seemed natural to them to give these machines fully functional bodies so they could interact with Tukani people.
Amongst humans, there were three documented influences: 
The first, Artificial Intelligence or AI, a striving to create better experts than humans, less subject to mistakes. This was especially applicable when a mistake could kill people. AI was developed to aid doctors, engineers, pilots, and so on; and found its way into almost everything, especially security and surveillance.
The second was to develop tools, robots in the true sense of the word, that could do hazardous work instead of humans. The best tools were human shaped, since they could go wherever humans could, and could also use human tools. These were particularly attractive to the military, space exploration, nuclear power plants, but they also found their way into hospitals, aged care facilities, and so on.
The third documented driver was the sex toy industry. In their desire to produce a superior toy that could pleasure its owner better than the competition, they put a lot of research into synthetic humans, that could be almost indistinguishable from real humans, especially to the eye, and in matters of sexual performance. 
Gradually, human robots became synthetic humans, able to simulate almost all functions of the human body. Tukani technology upped the ante here, since they were much more advanced.
The Tukani classified their robots into two kinds: those that were people, with free will, a spirit, and subject to the law just as any other person was; and those that were not people. The vast majority of robots were not people, obeyed orders, and were regarded as machines, the person who gave the order was responsible for any harm, just as the person who pulled the trigger would. A weapon might be dangerous, but it had to be ordered to kill.
The humans referred to their humanoid robots as hubots (there were other terms as well), and struggled with the concept of hubots with free will. The colonies eventually adopted the Tukani practice, those robots the AI said were people were referred to legally as robosapiens, often as synthetic humans, or more generally simply synths. The ones without free will were still called robots, hubots, bots, or hubs.
In the majority of areas synths were accorded the legal status of people, but not everywhere. On Terra, there were benighted areas where synths were banned, or hunted. Terran convention required that robots and synths have something visible to indicate to ignorant humans that they were in fact machines. There was still prejudice against humans who had sexual relations with synths or hubs, but like most human prejudices, it was waning.


