++Aquilonia Shadow

The skies are pale lilac, but otherwise this shadow is very earth like. The sun is yellow, there is one large moon. The technology is a mixture of Mid Roman Empire through to early seventeenth century, but there are no firearms and no explosives. Time runs at a comparable rate with Shadow Earth.

+++The Countries

The known area consists of the empires and kingdoms situated around the Central Sea, which is probably a half as large again as the Mediterranean. However, unlike the Mediterranean, there are no deserts to the south, instead the southern countries are tropical or semi tropical, with lush vegetation. The Central Sea is open in the northwest and east to the Great Sea, and in the south to the Lesser Sea. A number of land masses extend outwards from the Central Sea, to the north they disappear into the Great Ice, while in the south they extend all the way to the Great Southern Ocean. No one knows whether there is land inside the northern ice shelf. There are more land masses to the east and west, but not all of them have been explored. 

[Aquilonia] is situated on the north west of the Central Sea. To its west and south is sea, to the north west are the savage picts, whose lifestyle seems given to tribal wars and raids. They are short, dark and hairy, and still use stone tools. To the north are the semi civilized border kingdoms whose peoples are something like tribal celts. They are fair skinned, often with red or blond hair, and still use mostly bronze tools and weapons. They trade for iron tools, lacking the skills themselves. Further north is Vanheim, where the Vanir are divided into a number of clans that war with one another, as well as raid the border kingdoms and pictish lands. The Vanir build wooden boats and make iron swords. There are high mountains between these kingdoms and Aquilonia.

To the east of Aquilonia is Zingara which on the central sea. It is like a cross between early spanish and italian styles, with moorish influence. North of Zingara is Nemedia, also on Aquilonia's eastern border, but with no access to the sea. Nemedia is almost Babylonian in culture. These two countries are bordered to their east by the Great River Styx, said to flow from the underworld, or at least the icy hell to the north. 

North and east of Nemedia is Stygia, which goes up into the high glacier to the headwaters of the Styx. Little is known of Stygia, but the Stygian people have a reputation of being shamans, sorcerers and holymen. (It appears something like a cross between the Aztecs and Tibet).

East across the Styx is Argos, which is more Early Greek in culture, with Turan to the north. Turan extends into the low desert and high steppes. Its culture is moorish, reminiscent of early islamic empire, with a strong religious ethic. Further east of Turan is the fabled and exotic land of Meru, vaguely like ancient china/japan. On the eastern edge of the central sea are Hiksos and Minos. The Minoans are sea traders, while Hiksoans are more pastoral but warlike, with overtones of the assyrians. East if these is Vendhya, whose civilization is vaguely like India. The southern side of Minos and vendhya is bounded by sea. On the southern side of the great central sea is Shem where they build stone pyramids like ancient Egypt. It is a fertile country though, unlike Egypt. Shem has water on its west as well as its east, and is lushly tropical. Going west around the sea from Shem we have Kush (something like Aztecs, only people are black), Darfar (seemingly friendly to pirates), Koth and Ophir (like Persians before islam), which is across the western sea channel from Aquilonia. South of here is unknown.



