++Aquilonia
Shadow: [Aquilonia Shadow]

Aquilonia is one of the bigger empires of this shadow. It extends north to the Perpetual Glacier or Great Ice, and south to the Central Sea. In the west it extends to the sea, but there are more lands to the north west. It is roughly the size of Spain, France and half of Germany combined. It is situated on the north west arc of the Central Sea. Its culture is a mixture of roman and persian influence, along with eighteenth century European overtones.

The clothing reminds me of Europe in the mid eighteen hundreds, the architecture reminds me of the late seventeen hundreds but with Moorish influence, the technology dates from various eras. The richer people have indoor plumbing with hot and cold water on tap, flushing toilets, like the early nineteen hundreds, yet gunpowder has not been invented. The poorer people don't have plumbing, but can obtain their water from taps situated in many streets, and can take advantage of sophisticated public bathhouses like the Romans had. There is even a law on the statute books requiring that everyone bathe daily. It is an old one, but I presume some civic minded king had decided to clean up his city, probably the same one who had had the aqueducts built. 

The steam engine has been invented, but is still emerging from the experimental stage. Duke [Prospero] is leading the push to develop practical uses for it. After we encountered Prince Rupert (see Shadow of a Midsummer Tempest), Prospero gained some practical ideas from the use of steam engines in his shadow. He has also studied our own history, so he is trying to avoid the 'dark satanic mills' of our industrial revolution. Sailing ships exist, but are not as sophisticated as those of Europe of the sixteenth century. Some kingdoms still use oar-powered galleys, but Aquilonia has a well-developed navy. Prospero is attempting to introduce steam power to the Aquilonian navy. 

Aquilonia is also an ancient empire, with traditions extending back almost fifteen hundred years. In recent times it had been cursed with a series of incompetent or evil kings, and the empire has shrunk on account of depredations from the surrounding countries. Under Torano and then Amrik, the shrinkage has stopped. The empire trades with many others around the central sea, and is quite wealthy. By the standards of this shadow, its army and navy are large, modern and well disciplined. Even Prospero admits that evil king Torano ran a disciplined army and navy. The military are professionals, are well paid and well trained. 

There are no slaves in Aquilonia, although some of its trading partners run slave economies. However, the economy still runs largely on human and animal power, although wind and water power are also used. With the advent of steam, that will undoubtedly change over the next fifty to one hundred years. 

The official religion of Aquilonia is the worship of Mithras, the sun god. It is fairly tolerant and enlightened, unlike the religions of some of its trading partners. The culture is reasonably enlightened, many of the citizens are educated enough to be able to read and write. If anything, tolerance of differences gained a new lease of life following the fall of Torono. If you have money, it is quite a pleasant place to live. However, it is not idyllic - there is no social security except for the military - soldiers and sailors retire with a pension. Amrik has introduced a similar scheme for the public service, but for most people the reality is that if you can't work, your family must support you. Failing that, you beg, starve, or become a thief. Sounds like many places back home. 

+++Other References:

Capital - [Tarantia]