++The Civil War and Coup in Aquilonia
Shadow: [AquiloniaShadow]

The Civil War grew out of the rebellion staged by Duke Leto of Poitain. The culmination of the civil was was the Coup that placed General [Amrik] upon the golden throne of [Aquilonia]. However, this was now Amrik's intention when he joined the rebellion. Duke Leto was supposed to replace the tyrant on the throne, but fate (or the gods) had other ideas.

+++Amrik's Tale

Told in more detail in [[ProsperoBooks][Prospero's Books]]

I was born in the northern mountainous region of Aquilonia. My father was the village blacksmith. We raised pigs and chickens, grew wheat, barely and corn, grew all our own vegetables, had grapes from which to make our own wine... 

I was about twelve when raiders came to my village, they killed every male, they killed most of the children, and all the older women. The young pretty girls they carried off. I was hunting hares, I returned as it was happening. They killed my father, they killed my mother, they killed my brothers, and they raped my sisters and carried them off. I was hiding in the rafters watching. But then they set fire to the place, and I had to flee. I was lucky to escape. I fled into the forest, and I was all alone.

For years the one thing that kept me going was the thought of finding those responsible and wreaking revenge. But by the time I became king I wanted to stamp out such goings on, and make the world safe for everyone. Ive caught quite a few brigands in my time, and left their heads on poles as warnings to others.

I knew a bit about hunting, enough to keep myself alive for a few weeks until I came upon a band of wandering gypsies. They took me in and cared for me until I was about thirteen or fourteen. We traveled many places in that time. Then I left them to join a band of mercenaries, and headed further east for a few years. I saw a lot of fighting - thats what people hire mercenaries for, and I became skilled with many weapons. But one day I decided to go back to Aquilonia. I believe that our god Mithras put that idea into my head, because much has flowed from that decision.

I joined a different band of mercenaries and we hired ourselves to the king of Aquilonia. Our company was put under the command of duke Leto, and I came to know his sons Baolo and Prospero. Baolo and I were about the same age, and duke Leto believed his sons should earn their position in his army. Baolo apparently told his father about me, and the next thing I know, the old duke offered me a commission in his army. He even put his second son Prospero under my command to learn his trade as a soldier. Several years passed, during which time Baolo, Prospero and myself worked our way up the ranks.

I should tell you that old king Strabo was a tyrant, a despicable man who would fornicate with his own grandmother, tortured people for his pleasure, and sent his mercenaries out disguised as bandits to raid villages and fetch young girls for his bed. Once he had used them, he often killed them. No one was safe from his perverted lusts, neither young nor old, neither male nor female, not even the beasts in the field. They say he bathed in the blood of virgins to preserve his youth, and used their skins for his parchment. Certainly we found human skins in his quarters, and knives with handles made from human bones. But I get ahead of myself.

I found this out little by little, and one day I discovered that he had sent his mercenaries to destroy my village. One of the mercenaries even bragged to me about the killing and raping he had done. I attacked him and beat him to death.

That led to my arrest and imprisonment. The tyrant himself came to supervise my torment at the hand of his torturers. He even told me he killed most of the young girls he captured after he had used them, and assured me my sisters would have died painfully. I cursed him then, and told him I would send him to hell.

That annoyed him, and he promised me I would live as long as his torturers skills would allow, and that every day would be absolute agony.

They tortured me for two days straight, but then Prospero and some of the men broke into the palace dungeons, slew the torturers and set me free. They spirited me out of the palace through the sewers, and we made our way to the hills. Prospero told me that Baolo had also been arrested, but the tyrant had killed him already. Duke Leto had taken his family into the hills along with his men and their families, and was planning a coup. 

At first we were outlaws, our lands forfeit, but more and more Aquilonians came to join us. We regained Letos estates, and they became our headquarters. We fought a long and bloody civil war, but after two years the whole country supported duke Leto, and all that was left was the tyrant holed up in Tarantia.

Prospero wrote leaflets, and had them printed, and distributed throughout the land. They told people what the tyrant had done, and they told people what we planned. Not every Aquilonian can read, but there would be some in each village that can.

Duke Leto made a proclamation before every battle to the effect that there was shame in Aquilonians killing Aquilonians, and that there would be no shame should they desert and join our cause. He promised amnesty to everyone who would join us, and many deserted the tyrant on the eve of a battle and came over to us. You must remember that many soldiers have families whose safety they feared for.

Eventually we surrounded Tarantia. The tyrant had hired all the mercenaries he could find, and we found ourselves facing an army of similar size to our own. We were also facing the feared general Trocero, who had been a general for the tyrants grandfather. In his heyday it was said that armies would flee rather than face him.

But Trocero was a wily old fox. He sent the mercenary general Vizard into the field with all his mercenaries, while Trocero and his Aquilonian soldiers remained in the city. I think Trocero claimed he was too old to take the field - he must have been nearly eighty even then - and his Aquilonians might desert or surrender rather than fight. So we faced Vizard and his thousands of mercenaries.

That was a master stroke by Trocero - mercenaries are tough fighters, but they fight for gold, and when the going gets tough, they go rather than fight. Our troops were spared the worry they might face their relatives, or kill a fellow Aquilonian. But even so, that battle was a close fought thing.

Vizard was a seasoned fighter, and sent out his best men to assassinate the duke, who was with his standard on a low hill. I will forever regret that I was not on the hill at that time, for we heard the cries, saw the fighting, and as I spurred my horse up the hill I saw duke Leto fall, and his standard with him. Our troops began to falter, as troops will when their leader falls.

Prospero was with me as my second in charge. Our troops slew the assassins, and then Prospero raised his fathers standard. That stopped the rout, but there was little more we could do from the hill. Once a battle is joined and the troops committed to hand to hand fighting, no more orders can be given, you just have to rely on your orders being followed. I took the standard from Prospero, and we charged down the hill and into the thick of the fighting. You should have heard the cheer that followed us! Our troops followed, and fought like men possessed. We slew the mercenaries, and I put general Vizards head on a pole as we rode toward the city.

None of us was relishing the prospect of hand to hand fighting through the city, but instead general Trocero himself rode out to greet us. He offered us the keys to the city, and told us that the remaining mercenaries were barricaded in the palace along with the tyrant, but that the rest of the city was ours. He had troops on every street to guard against pillaging and to reassure the citizens they were safe.

I told Trocero to organize a frontal assault on the palace to act as a diversion, and that I would take a hand picked body through the sewers. Prospero was supposed to stay with Trocero. With his father and elder brother dead, Prospero was the one noble most of the others would support as king. But instead, when my hand picked party made their way into the sewers we found Prospero waiting for us. He told us we wouldnt find our way to the tyrant without him.

Needless to say, I was furious, but Prospero was adamant in his insubordination. I asked him what would happen if he was killed, and he shrugged and replied that if we didnt kill the tyrant then it didnt matter, but if we succeeded then Trocero and the other barons would find someone to be king.

He was right of course, and he knew it. I didnt know where to find the tyrant, and Prospero knows the castle and its back ways better than the rest of us. He spent many of his formative years in the palace - the tyrant kept his nobles docile by holding their children hostage. We came upon the tyrant in the old part of the castle, part I didnt even know existed. There was a short fight while we slew his mercenaries, and then I fought with the tyrant. He was a big man, famed far and wide for his skill as a wrestler and with a sword. But he was fat and unfit - a product of years of debauchery. We fought and I killed him with mine own hands.

It had to be that way for two reasons - firstly I had sworn vengeance on the tyrant for killing my family, and secondly I planned that Prospero take the crown, and it would not do if he were a regicide. I gave the crown to Prospero, and then cut off the tyrants head. We took it to the battlements and stuck it atop a spear so that all should know the tyrant was dead.

Then Prospero ordered that all the barons must come to the throne room and take an oath of allegiance to new king. Hah! The little so and so tricked me! An hour or so later the barons who were still in the city had joined us in the throne room. Prospero made a little speech about what had happened that day. He had the crown in his hand, and he told me it would not do for me to tower over him on the dias, and he bade me sit. There was an ornate stool there and I sat. And then a moment later, Prospero places the crown upon my head and shouts "Long Live King Amrik!" The other nobles all took up the shout.

I was livid, but there was no way back. Prospero quite reasonably pointed out that while all the nobles would have accepted his father, they would not accept him, but would rather bicker and fight amongst themselves. The civil war would likely continue for years until they settled the succession. He pointed out that I had the support of the army, I was reputed to be the general who had won the civil war, and I had killed the old king. None of the barons would oppose me openly, and since I didnt want the job I was likely to do a better job than anyone else.

What could I do? I had worked my way up to be general Amrik, and now I was king Amrik. That was almost six years ago now, and I have done my best to make the country forget the war, and to be the great country it once was. I have striven to improve everyones lot, and to make the streets safe. I wont say you could walk the length of the docklands after dark unmolested, but you could walk almost anywhere else in Tarantia by yourself after dark and be safe."



