++Archetypal Gods

"Once upon a time, the world did not exist. There was only the creator, and he slept. While he slept he dreamed, and so our world was born. We are nothing but a dream in the mind of god. But at first, he dreamed of light, and so was born the light. Its symbol is the sun, and the eagle. It is known by many names, including The Lord of Light."
Prospero interrupted "Mithras is our god, he is represented as the sun, and one of his titles is the Lord of Light. Could he be the same?"

"Mithras may well be, or he may be one of the children of the eagle. But light is blinding, and not balanced, so the creator dreamed something else, something that is not darkness, but is the opposite of light. And so was born the abyss. Its symbol is the serpent, and darkness. It is known by many names, including The Lord of the Abyss, and the Master of the Seven Darknesses.

"But that is misleading, for darkness is only the absence of light. Shine a light in the darkness, and the darkness becomes less. This is the opposite, something that destroys light. Darkness is merely a mid point between the two.

"Both the Serpent and the Eagle have many children, who rule over their own realms in many forms. Those children are known as the archetypes and they are the sources of shadow. You will also hear of them referred to as The Old Gods. Our world is simply one of an infinite number of shadows. We are mere figments within a dream within a dream, as insubstantial as smoke on the breeze.

"The children of the eagle and the serpent are all forbidden to manifest here in the shadow realms, although they may send their spirits into other bodies, and so work through them. At times the balance tips, and one or the other may manifest for a short time, and when that happens there is terrible strife and upheaval throughout all shadows.

"The eagle and the serpent themselves cannot manifest here, their nature is such that it would completely destroy all the shadows. If you shine a bright light onto a shadow it will disappear.


