The baron just nodded. “I was born on the west coast of Africa,” the baron said, “I’m not sure exactly where, or when. Slavers came, they captured me and my wife and some of our children. I was put on a boat with the other men, my wife was taken on another boat. I never saw her again.”
 “We were packed into the hold like sardines in a tin, chained, little food or water. Many men died. I survived, and I was sold to work the fields on a plantation. After a year or so some of us killed the overseer and guards, and escaped. They hunted us, but we were desperate, and killed those who hunted us, and took their weapons. I found my way to a pirate base. They were mostly Spaniards, but there were a few escaped slaves there. They offered me a chance to learn sailing, to work on a boat. I took it, and for several years I was a pirate.
“The Spanish navy sought us out, several times they nearly caught us. Finally they had us and several English ships under fire. Our ship was badly damaged and sinking, but the Spanish lost two ships, and fled. The English took us off our sinking ship, and so I found myself working on an English privateer, technically a private merchantman, but actually a government sanctioned pirate ship. We attacked the Spanish merchant ships, and took what cargo was of value.
“But the English signed a peace treaty, and I found myself bound for England. I should have stayed in Bermuda as a sailor. Instead, I landed in cold, foggy London. I was looking for a ship I could work my passage back to Bermuda or Jamaica, hanging around the inns and taverns, trying to save the last of my money, when I was attacked. There were maybe eight of them, but I was teaching them a lesson, when this bearded man walks up to me and tells me to follow him. My attackers fled, but I couldn’t disobey, and followed him. That was Fafnir, he controlled my mind, he and three others drank my blood and raped me, and then they murdered me. Three days later I woke up a vampire, and I was Fafnir’s slave. And this time I could not rebel.” There was anger in his voice.
