++ The Black Prince

the master of Britain.

The Black Prince was a dark haired, gaunt man of average height, with a neat black beard. He wore an expensive suit in an older style. George did not know if he really was the former Prince of Wales, Edward of Woodstock, eldest son of Edward III, an English king some time in the 1300s, or just claimed the title. He was, however, Master Vampire for almost all of Britain, with other masters blood oathed to him.

McAllister was the Black Prince’s human servant, partaking of his master’s powers, but able to go places his master could not, such as churches. McAllister was a red head, seeming about thirty, and dressed in a modern suit.

His guards include:
* Reggie was a solid looking bully boy, with a number of scars from fights. He’d been an enforcer for a criminal gang five hundred years ago. He’d made the mistake of trying to collect from a master vampire, and for the last five hundred years had been an enforcer for his new master. He swears by blasphemy 'Jesus hairy balls, Mary's bald twat'
* Ronnie
* Cerdic or Cedric, beefy, blond Saxon with a trace of German accent. Doesn't like blasphemy, reprimands Reggie for swearing. 
* Tommie - from the midlands. His dark hair was cut short, his brown eyes had a watchful look. There was a tattoo peeking from beneath the man’s shirt. vampire for about eighty five years, and he’d been twenty seven when he died. his ship was shelled, burned to the waterline. He woke up on the beach with some French Vampires