++Danila
"I turned fourteen three months ago." A child's face, I thought, but her eyes are old. 
Danila has pale skin, black shoulder-length hair, gray eyes and is thin enough to be waif-like. She is nearly as tall as Liz. Sometimes she reminds me of a raven or crow, with her steady defiant gaze. She refuses to let the circumstances of her life depress her too much, or for too long.

+++Sreinye Invasion
They came into our village and rounded all of us up. They put all us girls to one side, and everyone else to the other. They shot my father, and then they started raping me. My mother tried to get them to stop, and they killed her and my brothers.
If the soldiers wore pig masks with tusks they would be the Wild Boars.
I turned fourteen just over four months ago. The soldiers came two weeks after my birthday, and I was in the rape camp until Danny and Nalini rescued me about five weeks ago. I was in the rape camp for one day less than eleven weeks. I counted every day.

+++Erehwon008
November:
The third figure was Danila, our other adopted daughter. She looked older than fourteen, closer to twenty, and her breasts were bigger. In waking she has a boyish figure, in dreaming she looks curvaceous. Her brown hair was shoulder length and curly, her eyes blue instead of grey. She was wearing tight blue jeans and a sculpted yellow t-short that hugged her breasts.

5'5" or 165cm, A cup

March:
Yesterday her hair had been cut into a bob with red streaks added, and today she had tied two tufts in the back at the top, like a young Japanese girl. She had decorated them with two clips in the shape of butterflies. There were ruby studs in her earlobes.

5'6" or 167.5cm, still A cup

