++ Dreaming

Humans may have sufficient energy to learn sorcery in Dreaming, but they lack the energy to do the same in the physical world. When Nalini first appeared in my waking life, we’d been meeting in dreaming for nearly two years. She brought with her a torc, a gift from her mentor Imladril, to amplify the small amount of power I possessed. We both wear torcs still.

Starting Dreaming is different for each of us. Nalini is aware of falling asleep, and drifts consciously into the realm of Dreaming. I fall asleep and then wake into a dream. If Nalini is not with me, I travel to wherever she is. Saodat says when she used a device she would go directly into a lucid dream; these days sometimes she becomes lucid as she falls asleep, but usually she wakes up inside a dream. Now she knows it is possible to meet others, she goes in search of us.
This time, I was seated at an outdoor table at a café, with Nalini seated across from me. 

To my right there was a stone building with a large opening, as if the entire wall to a series of rooms had been removed. That was the café. However, it appeared to be sketched in, and lacking details, as if a painting had come to life. If I tried to look hard at it, it also blurred and flowed. I knew not to do that. The trick was to look without staring, and let the form suggest itself. Next to it, on either side, were two more cafés. Beyond them were more, stretching as far as I could see in both directions.
The tables and chairs had spilled across the pavement and onto the cobbled street, blocking a good two thirds of the width of the street. The tables and chairs continued along the street, though each café had unique, subtle variations in the decor and design of the tables and chairs. I estimated there must be a hundred tables here in front of our café, each with four to six seats. I guessed there might have been a thousand cafés, each with a hundred tables - one hundred thousand tables, seats for half a million people.
On my left was the remainder of the street with people walking by. Well, almost. If I left my awareness of them at a peripheral level, they were modern pedestrians walking past an outdoor café. If I looked directly at them, I noticed that some glided, some walked, while some moved with a gait that suggested they possessed several sets of kneecaps. Some had heads and faces of animals, others multiple sets of arms or legs. Some changed shape as they moved, now proto-human with two arms and two legs, now three arms and a frog like head, now a goat like creature which walked on its hind legs. Their clothing ranged from all ages of history, as well as fur, feathers, scales, and naked skin.
There were no cars, but quite a few large leafy European trees. On the far side of the street an ornamental park stretched out, full of trees, flowering shrubs, meandering brooks and paths. It ran along the street in both directions as far as I could see. In the distance behind the park were sandstone buildings with a Gothic cathedral look to them. This was the university, the focal hub of this region of dreaming. Neither of us know the real name of the university nor the town that services it. I think it has many names. Nalini sometimes refers to it as Dreaming Cambridge because it reminds her of Cambridge University in her shadow. My sister Paula calls it the Unseen University, in deference to Terry Pratchett.
The sky was white, with a few grey clouds. There didn’t seem to be any sun. Neither of us can recall ever seeing the sun here.  The table between us felt real - dark marble on a wrought iron frame, and there was a carafe of water on it, along with three glasses, and three cups of coffee. I tasted mine - it was hot and quite good, black and strong, with brown tinted foam of the crema on the surface. Nalini was drinking a macchiatto, almost a long black like mine, but stained with a dash of cream. Saodat’s was a strong, sweet espresso.

Saodat plucked a pair of dice from thin air, rolled them on the table. They were incised with symbols instead of dots. Both dice showed an eye, the left and right eye of Horus. “I’m dreaming.” She remarked with a sly grin.
“Erm, how does the dice show that?”
“My subconscious always knows when I’m dreaming. They taught us to have some token, something that would behave differently in dreaming, so we could always test when we were dreaming. They told us our subconscious always knows. The dice are weighted, they should never land showing the eye in waking, only when I’m dreaming.” She sighed, adding “I don’t have these any more, but they are still with me in dreaming.”
