++ E003_first Contact

Unbeknown to humans, there was an automated Tukani scout ship hiding in the Oort cloud, the debris cloud around Sol that was left over from the formation of the solar system. The cloud is an oblate spheroid about two lightyears in diameter, sparsely populated with comets and dwarf planets, and many smaller objects. The scout ship was a cylinder roughly five hundred meters long and three hundred meters in diameter. Though there was nothing alive on board, there was a crew of androids, plus an assortment of machines. 
That ship reported that this system had intelligent, space faring life. Terra had colonies on Luna and Mars, two space elevators on Terra, and in the process of building one on Mars. There were a number of scientific space stations sprinkled throughout the system. Life had been discovered under the ice crust of Jupiter’s moons Callisto, Europa, and Ganymede and Saturn’s moon Enceladus, but these were primitive forms resembling fossil records from Terra’s oceans over six hundred million years earlier. As far as intelligent life went, humans seemed to be alone.
The first indication that this was not true came in an explosion of blue white light somewhere beyond the orbit of Neptune, and before the Kuiper belt. The second indication was a glowing object speeding away from the explosion at almost the speed of light. The object was a cylinder roughly five kilometers long and three kilometers in diameter, and whatever radiation it was emitting had been blue shifted far beyond the extremely hard x-ray band. The third thing the humans noticed was that the object was changing course, describing an arc that would keep it inside the Solar system. That implied intelligence, and a technology extremely advanced over what the Terrans could muster. 
The fourth thing they noticed was that the emissions of the object were Doppler shifting towards red, indicating the object was slowing. Calculations revealed it was braking savagely, at around one hundred and twenty Terran gravities, shedding its unbelievable speed as heat, and shining like a miniature star. The object had a volume of roughly thirty five cubic kilometers, and a rest mass of around one hundred billion metric tons. The energy required to accelerate that much mass to light speed was off the scale, and its apparent mass should have generated a black hole. If it were to strike the Terra at anything near the speed of light, there would be nothing left of either, and the explosion would make a supernova look like a guttering candle. Intelligent life in other galaxies in the distant future would see the milky way briefly double or triple in brightness.
The object slowed to about one third light speed, curving its course for Saturn. As it neared the planet it braked and went into orbit. It then issued that historic statement in twenty languages. “I am the starship Spirit of the Wind. I bring you greetings from the United Planets Federation. We come in peace. We would like to open a dialogue with your governments.”
It took many hours for that message to crawl at light speed to the governments of Terra, plus the colonies on Luna and Mars. Meanwhile, the scientists on the research station orbiting Saturn, mere light seconds away, had a “Holy Crap, Batman!” moment, and opened a dialog with the starship. Within one day they were visiting the starship, and several aliens were visiting the research station.
The scout ship meanwhile left quietly for another star system.
The Terra government tried to pretend that nothing had happened, but too many people on the planet had seen and heard the broadcast. The cat was out of the bag. The aliens had come from the stars in the Tucana constellation, and were dubbed Tukani. Some humans tried to whip up fear of invasion, but the Tukani showed no inclination to invade any of the colonies, let alone Terra. They were quite content to orbit Saturn in their worldlet, and seemed quite friendly towards humans. They offered help when Terra or the colonies needed it, ferried scientific delegations around the solar system, and studied Terra. They offered humans technology and science and knowledge.
The starship carried about ten million people spread over three habitat sectors, and a potential carrying capacity of one hundred million. The Tukani modified one spare habitat sector of to mimic conditions on Terra, even importing a wide variety of Terra flora and fauna to stock the habitat. A number of humans applied to migrate to the new habitat, and some were judged suitable.
The Tukani also had all the data their scout ship had collected about the solar system. Mars and Luna accepted the Tukani help, becoming self sufficient colonies.
The rest was history. Mars applied to join the United Planets Federation, then Luna. Terra was upset, but eventually their burgeoning population issues and rising seas forced them to ask for help. They explained it to their peoples as being like joining the UN had been a century and a half before. You were still a free people, but with benefits and obligations, and the benefits outweighed the obligations. It wasn’t an invasion, it wasn’t an occupation, but more of a quiet, voluntary assimilation.
Fifty years into the partnership, a large comet from the Oort cloud was on a course to strike Terra, but the Tukani attached gravity engines, and moved it into orbit around Saturn. That was when they began building the larger Saturn Station.
Terra had been developing a network of AIs they called the Archangel Network. One by one, those AIs were connected to the Tukani AI, which quietly modified their programming.
Humans were able to visit the nearby stars, and the Federation was helping them to build their own worldlets capable of supporting half a billion  to a billion people each. There was some talk of nations having their own arks, but the Tukani refused. There would be no Chinese worldlet, no Indian or African or White European ark, and every habitat had to accept Tukani who applied to live in one.

