+++ The Eight Rulers of Terra
Note - The eight rulers are all Immortals with shadow walking abilities. 
++1. The AI
Call herself Elspeth. her spirit is part of The Triple Raven Goddess - the white or black raven of death and terror, the red raven of war, and the grey or black raven of of wrath. 
Mifunwi was the Goddess of Death, and Terror, Badb was the Goddess of War, while Nemain/Elspeth was the Goddess of Wrath and Vengeance.\\
Dresses in dove grey leather. Her dark tresses are bound into nine braids like Mifunwi’s. Her skin is milk pale, her eyes amethyst. \\
++2. The Pope
Not quite the Holy Roman Empire
++3. The Caliph
Islamic States of Europe, middle east, asia and africa.
The Caliph was a good looking man of indeterminate age. His black beard was neatly trimmed, and he was possessed of a strong nose and piercing black eyes. He was dressed in white like a desert sheik, and he sat in a comfortable black leather chair. An eagle perched on a nearby stand, watching all of us.\\
Near the walls were several bodyguards in black, while behind the Caliph were several muscular men dressed like Sinbad the Sailor., complete with scimitars. The black clad bodyguards were Immortals by their auras. 

++4. President 1
The Americas, north and south. Black woman, muscular like Serena
++5. President 2
Russia and Eastern Europe. Iron Tsar, icy blond, blue eyes.
++6. Emperor
China and SE Asia.Dark skinned Asiatic with blond hair and pale blue eyers
++7. Queen 1 (Red Queen)
Great Britain, Ireland, Brittany ,western france, western spain. Queen Elizabeth 5. Pale brown skin, red hair, green eyes.
++8. Queen 2 (Black Queen)
Africa, india, Australia, canada

