++The Eagle's Gifts

+++For Nalini
A gold ring set with a single amethyst the size of her thumb nail. The gold band was incised with strange glyphs in silver. "It is a magical item, it will serve you well, and in time you will learn its powers." This ring has links to many power sources. I do not think it is dangerous, but you must control it, not the other way around.

+++For Danny
A dagger with a gold and leather sheath. The handle of the dagger is horn, with an emerald set into the pommel, and gold chasing. The blade is leaf shaped about ten to twelve inches long, and looks to be made of copper or bronze. It is inlaid with an intricate abstract celtic design that was picked out in silver and gold. "There now. Do you like it? It will always return to you, and no blade can stop it or harm it."

This is claimed to be made by Myolnirr, one of the legendary [[IceGods][Ice Gods]]. There is a story in its getting, but I will not tell it now. Myolnirr made several such daggers, and some swords. They are known collectively as the Sun Blades. The reasons for their making are now lost in the mists of time. All were once the property of gods. Some of those gods are dead or banished, and their weapons have passed onto others. 

The metal is many times stronger than steel, it will cut a steel blade like a dry twig, and stone like cheese. No natural armor can stop it, although some magical armor can. If you throw your dagger, picture where you want it to strike, and it will always strike point first where you visualize. It will always return to your hand.