++Aura
Our Life force generates our aura. This is composed of several layers or sheaths. There are energy flows within each sheath, and between the sheaths.

++Energy
Humans posses two types of energy 
Male Energy
Female Energy
We all have both, but one predominates, and determines our physical sex. Sexual intercourse is about sharing and balancing these energies.

++Meridians or Nadis
The energy flows along lines, known in chinese as meridians, and in yoga as nadis. There are thousands of these, but three main ones are:
-Sushumna situated with the spinal column, connecting the base chakra with the brow chakra, and passes through the four main chakras in between. This contains two finer nadis, one inside the other. Chitrini is the conduit for kundalini
-- Vajra
-- Chitrini
- Ida on the left side of the body, associated with coolness, the moon, and the right side of the brain
- Pingala on the right side of the body, associated with sun, heat and the left side of the brain.

++Node
This is where the nadi or meridian connects with the physical body. Acupuncture is designed to circumvent blockages in the linkages or chanels

++Nexus
This is where a nadi intersects another. Usually just two or three intersect.

++Chakra
Where 21 nadis intersect is a major chakra. Where 14 or more intersect forms a minor chakra. There are twelve major chakras (or 14) and hundreds of minor chakras.

*Note* the ten from the kabala and the seven from yoga together comprise fourteen chakras.

