++Enyil (Queen)
Shadow: [Aquilonia]
She is tall, (about 5' 7" or 170cm), with honey hued skin, blond hair, green eyes, and a lithe, somewhat muscular body of someone who does martial arts. Her hair is either braided into a single queue that falls down her back, or caught in a long pony-tail at the top of her head. She usually wears dark green plaid slacks, a cream or white lace blouse, a jacket of red and green plaid, and black knee high boots. About her neck is a golden torc that is mostly hidden, and a heavy gold chain from which hangs an amethyst about the size of a hens egg.
She is a sorcerer of comparable powers to Imladril, and knows Imladril well, though she is not of the Viharani people.
Her home shadow is strange by our standards: It is neither flat nor round, but is like a number of coins stacked one upon the other, each one smaller than the other. Enyil is from one of the middle levels, and there are other levels below and above hers. Near where Enyil was born is a monstrous waterfall that cascades from is the next level, almost six miles higher. That waterfall is half a mile wide, and is caused by a huge ocean that is forever falling to this level. According to Enyil, the water has been falling for as long as her people can remember. The sky is pale lilac, the climate temperate.
"We are sorcerers for hundreds of millenia, and we have traded with the Viharani for tens of millenia. Our world is not a ball like yours are, but flat. It is like many pancakes stacked on top of one another, each smaller than the one below. There are forty seven layers, each over a kilometer thick, and each layer has its own culture and climate. Many layers have non human intelligences. There is an immortal - a sorcerer from the primal shadow - who has ruled us since the creation of our world. He is like a benevolent god king - he rarely interferes, leaving the running of each layer to a coucil he appoints, but he is known to travel incognito throughout the realm, punishing those who flout his laws, and rewarding others."

