++Erehwon 003 - Rainbow Shadows
+++The Red Sphinx (done)
Inspiration: Conan - The Tower of the Elephant 
Shadow: [Hyboria|HyboriaShadow] 
Cast:
[Danny] and [Nalini]
The Red Man (the red sphinx. Yolgotha)
The Slaver (The Fat Man)
The Mage - Koshakh (holds the sphinx prisoner)
The Waitress - Morlina
The Kidnapped Girl (12 - Tolana, of House Hamir)
The slaver is going to another city with the girl. We try to free the girl. The slaver works for the mage. We are stunned and taken before the mage, who orders that his captive demigod question us. The god appears, telling us that we can free him if we kill him. He is impervious to normal weapons, but my dagger can kill him. He needs the blood of three on the blade first. We tap into our gems, use the dagger to kill two soldiers and the kidnapper, and then the demigod. (he has arranged for us to be here and be captured so we can free him). The mage is sucked into the gem. Inside we see the god pursuing them. The god's body crumbles to dust. The thief tries to pick up the gem, but nalini fetches it. We will drop it in a deep ocean in an uninhabited shadow. 
+++Orange Blossoms on Snow
+++Yellow Light
+++The Green Goods Game (done)
(Inspiration: The Saint - The Brighter Buccaneer) 
Shadow: shadows.rtf - [Mediteranean 1920s|Mediteranean1920sShadow]
Cast: Boliver Platt - victim.
Archibald Belfort - Con man
Detective Inspector Howard of the Fraud Squad
Danny and Nalini 
Boliver Platt is very unhappy - he has been fleeced out of his life's savings of $2000, when he thought he was getting $10,000 of counterfeit notes. Nalini and I talk him down from the parapet of a bridge over the railway. He tells us his story, and we then locate the perpetrator by an advert he has placed. I go to have lunch with him, and he tells me about the plates. I let him convince me to buy $2000 from the counterfeiter, bringing with me $500 in changed money. Nalini meanwhile visits the police with a story about a delivery. I watch the man make a bundle of real notes, then while he tries to distract me and drop his bundle, I fetch it. I walk out and a few minutes later the police walk in and find the counterfeit notes I've left. 
+++Blue

+++Indigo  imprisoned mage. (done)
Shadow: ? Medieval
Cast:
Danny and Nalini
The Mage
The Demon
Premise: A sorcerer has been trapped by a demon and wants freedom. His soul is inside a sapphire, and he is summoning whoever can help. Plot: In dreams over several nights Nalini and I are nagged to help someone. Eventually we allow ourselves to be led to the summoning. We find a middle aged man, dressed in green renaissance clothes, seated on a carved wooden throne. He carries a wooden staff with an ugly carved head and a moonstone set into the mouth. The throne is carved with gargoyles. He wears a green floppy hat with jaunty feather. We seem to be in a deep blue ocean. He wants us to help him, but is at first commanding, so we leave. He summons us back the next night, and is less pre-emptory. He has been trapped in the gem, and there is no way out unless we take steps to free him. He doesn't want to tell us all about his predicament, and we leave again. After several visits, he agrees to explain that he has been possessed by a demon, and was able to hide his soul in the gem. If he hadn't, the demon would have his soul. We have to find a small crystal bottle with airtight stopper. We have to find nine beads of gold, each about the size of a grain of rice. We come into his body presence, place the beads into the flask, and the demon will be drawn in s well. Then we put in the stopper and tie it down. The sapphire is in a strong box - he tells us how to open it. We can then free him from his gem and he will be himself again. We speak with guides, then Imladril before doing any more. She helps us obtain bottle with gold fastening to keep stopper in bottle. We find the mage, and as the demon moves to attack, I brandish my dagger while Nalini pours the gold into the bottle. The demon screams and is drawn into the bottle, which we seal. We place the gem into the man's mouth, and within a few minutes he wakes, spits out the gem. He thanks us for setting him free. He want the bottle, but under Imladril's instructions we take it with us and leave. He is furious, but cannot shadow shift. The demon speaks to our minds of pleasure and riches, and invades our dreams. We are glad to be rid of it. Imladril says she will store it where it will do no harm.
+++Violet  Seven Deadly Sins
+++White Heat (done)
Shadow: ? current se asia
Cast:
Danny and Nalini
[Prospero] and [Paula]
Danny, Nalini, Prospero and Paula are on a cruise ship sailing through some islands (possibly near malaysia). Three cruiser loads of pirates board the ship, and steal everyone's belongings. Prospero wants to deal with them, Nalini cautions they could kill the passengers. They then start to sort out the good looking girls to kidnap (including paula). At this point the 4 take action. They use a shielding spell to render themselves temporarily bulletproof, and proceed to deal with the pirates. A crippled old man in a wheel chair and his young granddaughter are slaughtered by the pirates. Danny lets the fury take him, and converts his attackers' bones to sand. They do things like take the pirates weapons, Prospero uses a borrowed machine gun to mow down a group. At the end of the fight, Danny cries to the stone "They killed the girl. Do you know how to revive her?" The stone claims it can do nothing. Danny cries again "You have power! You can spare a little to save her!" The stone claims "Power I have, but not knowedge. I know not the human form, therefore am I powerless." D & N cry together "We know the human form. Help us to heal now!" The pain is intense, D & N stand transfixed like the crucified one. N takes the little girl "I know the female form", D takes the old man. Like reversing the unraveling of a jumper, he knits the threads together. Then the flow shuts off, and he collapses into Prospero's arms. N collapses into Paula's embrace. Then hear the little girl cry, then watch the old man spring to his feet and hug the girl. (Afterword - the man claims he was kneecapped, which was why he was a cripple (irish terrorist). He claims he watched the firefight from above the deck. D says "Perhaps god in his infinite wisdom and mercy has granted you a reprieve. Pass the good deed on.") 

