++Erehwon008

2005
Saodat learns to raise her [Kundalini], is attuned to her torc, and we meet [George] (vampire) [Michael] (werewolf) and [Susan] (werewolf). Also [Fleur] (fire elf), [Melody] (elf) and [Larissa] (ghost)

both Saodat and Nalini become pregnant, Nalini due the last week of October, Saodat the first week of November. (occurs late January)

Meet George and Michael early March at 21st birthday party.
week later they all meet Lukeios and co. Susan and Michael to be taught how to be werewolves by Grey Wolf [WolfMan]

Plotting in progress
[FullMoonDates]

 * Nov-2004 Saodat is attuned to her torc. After this, Nalini starts training her in Kundalini. The three of us become lovers.
 Saodat gets driver’s licence. She buys a silver Mercedes A series.
Katya gets learner’s permit
 * Jan-2005 Nalini and Saodat become pregnant
 * 24-feb-05 (FM)
 * 05-mar05 (friday) Pregnancies confirmed. Announced to girls
 * between 05 and 12, marriage proposal
 * 12-Mar-2005 Meet George and Michael at 21 birthday party (saturday)
 * 19-mar-2005 they come round to meet Lukeios and friends
 * 20-mar-2005 Lukeios takes George to church
 * 25-mar-2005 = good friday. We all celebrate easter (FM)
 * April-2005 - Susan and Michael have much instruction
 *      Danila starts visiting George
 * Susan and Michael marry. Danny and Nalini marry Saodat
 * 24-Apr-05 (FM)
 * 14-may-2005 we discover danila was George's wife
 * 23-may-2005 (monday) George walks the pattern in dreaming. Our pattern. (from erehwon007)
 * 25-may-05 (FM)
 * 26-may-2005 (thursday) Melody introduces Danila and Katya to George in dreaming
 * 29-may-2005 George goes to church
 * June 2005 - George and Melody become lovers
 * 22-jun-05 (FM)
 * 21-jul-05 (FM)
 * Late august 2005 - Susan gives birth to Brenden
 * 20-aug-05 (FM)
 * september 2005 - Melody gives Danila and Katya kundalini training (rainbow serpent training)
 * 18-sep-05 (FM)
 * 17-oct-05 (FM)
 * 30-oct-2005 (sunday) Nalini gives birth to Chloe
 * 03-nov-2005 (thursday) Saodat gives birth to Phoebe
 * 16-nov-05 (FM)
 * late nov-2005 Melody takes George to walk the pattern physically.
 * 16-dec-05 (FM)

 * [TimeLineGeorge]