++Erehwon 001 - Such Stuff as Dreams are Made Of
Cast:
[Danny] and [Nalini]
[Imladril] and [Iskandor]
+++Synopsis
++++1. Dream Girl
Danny is preparing lunch on a Saturday morning. There is a knock at the door -- the caller is a girl he vaguely recognizes, who seems to think he's invited her for lunch. He is puzzled, but lets her in. They talk. He can't remember meeting her, but he realizes he has seen her in his dreams, and begins to tell her of such a dream. She admits that they have only met there.
Explanations follow: about dreams and dreaming, about parallel worlds or shadows and shadow shifting. Nalini then presents Danny with a golden torc inscribed with silver scrollwork and some runes. The left end has a red gem, the right end has a green gem.
Nalini attunes Danny to his torc, then teaches him how to walk through shadow. He already knows the basics from dreaming, but now needs to practice. 
They encounter a few dangers on their journeys through shadow, and make discoveries about each other. They also find they are falling in love with each other.
++++2. The Dreaming 
Meeting Nalini's mentor Imladril and exploring the dreaming. They visit assorted dream scapes, including rescuing a 10 yo girl (Gwen) from a nightmare, the Elysium fields with they meet with a deceased roman soldier named Flavius who follows them on their journeys. They also visit the realms of each of the four elements, and the guides home realm. 
On one occasion some of the denizens of the dreaming make a foray into the world of waking for the purpose of attacking Danny and Nalini.
A later dreaming visit with imladril shows them the cosmic mandala and some of the lesser gods - the lords of order and chaos. 
++++3. ShadowScapes
Arthurs Legacy - a shadow where Arthur had children who kept things going, and kept Britannica from the dark ages. Nalini has a home there, though she has to use a false identity.  A seer gives them a message about the use of their powers to help others.
On they way home they cross a city war zone, where a sniper is murdering passers by. He tries to kill Danny and then Nalini. Rather than simply walk away, they decide to do something about him.
Later still on the way home, they meet a Leprechaun like creature called Fin mac Morn, who gives each of them a gift. For Nalini it is a gold ring set with a large amethyst. For Danny it is a leaf bladed dagger with an emerald set in the hilt. He claims they are "The Eagle's Gifts"
Their mentors Imladril, Iskandor and Durathror claim the gems themselves are power objects, with links off into distant shadows. It seems that in the struggle of good against evil, personified as the Eagle and the Serpent, they have been picked to play a part. 


+++Chapters
Part 1 - Dream Girl
1. Knock and it Shall be Opened
2. The Doors of Perception
3. To Walk In Shadow
4. Revelations
5. Memento Mori
6. The Beach
7. The journey home
+++Part 2 - The Dreaming
1. To Sleep, Perchance To Dream
2. DreamScapes
3. Other Sources, Other Worlds
4. Guides
5. Awakening
6. Night Stalker
7. The Cosmic Mandala
+++Part 3 - Shadow scapes
1. In Search of Sydney
2. On a Mission From God
3. The WarZone
4. The Eagle's gifts

+++Cast Continued

;Flavius: deceased Roman Centurion in the Elysium Fields. Joins them on a tour of the DreamScape.

;Gwen: Ten year old girl they rescue from night terrors early in The Dreaming, who accompanies them on a tour of the DreamScape.

;Suranor: A ruler or sage of the Water Spirits (undines). They are from the water realm, which is the set of shadows cast by the archetype of water. Inhabitants here are fluid, like currents within their liquid environment. From the dreaming they can be perceived as glowing currents and clouds. When they wish to appear to dreamers the mer people can take on the form of hermaphroditic humans - green hair, golden skins, prominent breasts and male genitals.

He/she is willing to teach the techniques of Water power to seekers. He/she will also exchange energies with those who have energy to offer.

;Hranaarr: A ruler or sage of the Fire spirits (salamanders). From the Realm of Fire. Looks like a brightly burning flame almost 2 meters high. When takes on a semblance of physical form, (s)he prefers to manifest as a brilliant red-gold dragon.

(S)he is willing to teach the techniques of Fire to suitable seekers. Is willing to exchange energies with those who have energy to offer.

;Myolnirr: - A ruler or sage of the Earth Spirits (gnomes). From the Earth Realm. Looks like a Troll, body as wide as it was tall, with short legs and arms that hung to its knees. The face looked chiseled and only half formed. There were two eyes like hot coals under an overhanging brow. The mouth was merely a gash. There was no nose, nor were there any ears. The body was nude, but sexless. The hands ended with two fingers and a broad thumb. 

(S)he is willing to teach the techniques of Earth to suitable seekers. Is willing to exchange energies with those who have energy to offer.

;Shalahah: A ruler or sage of the Air Spirits (sylphs). From the Air Realm. Sometimes resembles a vortex of air, sometimes resembles an angel, and sometimes resembles a bird human cross.

(S)he is willing to teach the techniques of Air to suitable seekers. Is willing to exchange energies with those who have energy to offer. Likes to play tricks on seekers.

;Guides: These creatures will appear in most dreams, if you know to look for them. They will always be something weird, something that is out of place in the logic of the dream scene. If you look at them and isolate them, they will change into their native form. In this form, they resemble cylinders about two to three meters high and as wide as one hand span, and they are normally a dark color. 

When you isolate them, you can speak with them, and they will always answer your questions truthfully. They cannot tell you much about your own shadows, because they do not take much notice of physical realms. For the same reason, do not ask them for advice about physical matters. However, they can tell you much about the entire world of dreaming, because they have been exploring for millions of years. If you want to know anything about any region of the Dreaming, ask them, they can tell you where to find what you seek. They can teach you much about the astral as well. 

They can also give you an energy boost if you need one. They find our energy tasty, and are happy to exchange some of theirs. However, they will try to convince you to follow them back to their own realm. They will offer you shelter, security, power, immortality. All of this can they give, but there is a price - you must become their slaves. You have legends in your own shadows about sorcerers who sold their souls to the devil - this is where those legends came from.

Their energy is powerful, but it is stagnant. They have millions of years behind them, and millions of years exactly the same in front of them. Our energy is nowhere near as powerful, but it is vibrant, bouncing, spontaneous. They seek that from us. They will offer energy exchange with any dreamer that has enough energy. Anyone who can dream lucidly has enough energy. They would treat us as humans treat cows, and keep us and milk us of energy. 

;[Fin Mac Morn]: A leprechaun like figure. About 4 feet tall, with a red beard, no moustache, dressed in green, with gold buckles. Claims to be one of the children of Vadagh. He recognizes Danny and Nalini as being children of Danu because they posess shadow shifting skills. 

He offers them [two gifts|EaglesGifts]:

**For Nalini, a gold ring set with a single amethyst the size of her thumb nail.

**For Danny, a dagger with a gold and leather sheath. The handle of the dagger was horn, but there was an emerald set into the pommel, and gold chasing. The blade is leaf shaped blade about ten to twelve inches long, and seems to be made of copper. It is inlaid with an intricate abstract celtic design that was picked out in silver and gold.

!Places

;The Dreaming: Home to dreamers, the dead, and the others. The dreaming casts the physical shadows, some of which correspond with dreaming locales. Includes the Elysium Fields, the University Town, and many others.

;Water Realm: Cast by the Archetype of Water. This realm can only be visited with the dreaming body. Everything here possesses a fluid nature. The awarenesses are fluid - some look like schools of lights, others look like rocks or seaweed, but even these are fluid. The rocks ooze and change like quicksand, while the plants are something like the flow of a river to its source.

This realm can be used by powerful sorcerers for their own ends, provided they can tap into the power of the Archetype of Water. Danny and Nalini believe that the gems given them by Fin Mak Morn have a link to the Archetype of Water, though the gems have many links.

;Fire Realm: Cast by the Archetype of Fire. This realm can only be visited in the dreaming body. A bowl shaped world where almost everything is formed from flames.

The fire elementals can be very trustworthy friends, far more so than the water elementals, but they can also be implacable enemies if you wrong them or harm them.

This realm can be used by powerful sorcerers for their own ends, provided they can tap into the power of the Archetype of Fire. Danny and Nalini believe that the gems given them by Fin Mak Morn have a link to the Archetype of Fire, though the gems have many links.

;Earth Realm: Cast by the Archetype of Earth. The awarenesses here are crystaline and slow moving. The earth elementals are supportive of humans, but not really interested in us. However, of all the elements, they are probably the most reliable. If they promise to do something, they will, and they will not try to take advantage of you in doing so. The other elements all will try to take advantage of you if they can. 

This realm can be used by powerful sorcerers for their own ends, provided they can tap into the power of the Archetype of Earth. Danny and Nalini believe that the gems given them by Fin Mak Morn have a link to the Archetype of Earth, though the gems have many links.

;Air Realm: Cast by the Archetype of Air. The awarenesses here are airy, gaseous, like clouds. When they want to communicate with humans, air elementals sometimes take on the image of angelic beings. Air elementals will play tricks on humans for the fun of it, though most of them do not mean hurt. 

This realm can be used by powerful sorcerers for their own ends, provided they can tap into the power of the Archetype of Air. Danny and Nalini believe that the gems given them by Fin Mak Morn have a link to the Archetype of Air, though the gems have many links.

;The Realm of the Guides: This realm is a combination of the four elements. The guides are non-corporeal, and have their base here. However, they roam for tull extent of shadow, and can tell much.

The sky was white, the ground appeared flat, and ran off for an incredible distance, like in the astral. The ground appeared to be yellow ocher sand and gravel. Dotted across the landscape were huge brownish orange mounds that looked porous like giant sponges. Scattered around the bases of the mounds were things that looked like giant cacti, but were orange instead of green.

The holes in the sponge were huge caverns possibly forty meters across, which implied that each structure must be almost a kilometer high, and maybe thirty or forty kilometers long. The cacti would have to be between fifty and one hundred meters high.

It was hollow inside, but filled with countless tubes of varying sizes and shapes running in all directions. It looked like a cross between a huge bee hive and a drunken surrealist's idea of a factory. This is the guides' place of safety.

