++ Erehwon301 - Tukani Space Stories (Geeta's Shadow)

+++ Blue Steel - The Ghosts in the Machine (done)
Shadow: [GeetaShadow]
Cast:
Danny and Nalini
Chalker (starship designer - human)
[Benji] - female - engineer on salvage ship
Lorner - male - blows himself up to try to kill danny and geeta floating along the outside of the hull
[Dorfer] - snagged on pylon, Benji's bf
Erlik - male, injured
[Geeta] (Alien Captain of rescue ship - female) 
[Horrja]- (Alien - female, medical officer - resembles Mm Vastra)
Kortner - (Alien, male, engineer)
Tolska - alien female - killed but put in pod
Voster - male alien - killed but put in pod
4 others - 3 aliens, 1 human - engineers, unnamed
Arrive in a cylindrical garden, lit by an overhead strip. It takes a few minutes to realize, and by then we are trapped, because there are no safe shadows. We find we are in a huge spaceship, apparently empty, apart from a few decayed dead bodies, robots, and wraiths. (Shades of film "Event Horizon"). The ship has living quarters at front, garden behind, then a long shaft back to the engines etc. We find one man in a life support pod. The wraiths try to spook us and bring pain, but we stand together and push them back. We then find the computer can speak English, though a quaint form, and it complains that it does not recognize us, but its memory isn't good. We claim the same, and it decides we must be authorized to be there. After a few days, during which spooky things happen, robots try to kill us, we discover the food is poisoned, we roam the ship, trying to work out what is happening. The computer doesn't know why this is happening, but we theorize that it is taken over by some entity. Then the rescue ship arrives, and the salvage crew comes aboard. The sleeper awakes, and turns out to be the ship's designer. He has invented a new propulsion system, trying to create a starship, but claims his memory is going. He doesn't know what happened to the crew, something nasty, he sealed himself inside a pod and survived. We claim to have lost our memories. The salvage crew tolerates us. The ship proceeds to kill the salvage crew one by one - hallucinations, space walks without space suits, industrial accidents. Most of it is due to hallucinations, and we are able to stop these. Suspicions fall on us at first, but after a while the salvage crew realize that the ship's designer seems to know more about what is happening. He is able to eat the poisoned food without ill effect, and he seems to be around when things happen. We do things like fetch food from distant shadows. The designer starts making a concerted effort to kill Nalini and I, because we are thwarting his efforts. We don't know why he is doing this at first, but we notice the aura around his body and realize he is possessed, and that the same entity inhabits the ship. Nalini and I and the computer officer search the computer records, and discover that the ship actually went through a hole in the fabric of space into a different shadow, but one where evil and chaos reigns. Most died horribly, but the designer was accepted by the chaos. It now plans to spread and contaminate the new universe. We could cleanse the ship, but the evil would remain in space, and follow to the inhabited planets. 
Chalker in his saner moments has decided to snd the ship back into the chaos shadow, and have it explode. He has killed the crew he encountered to save them from damnation.
Chalker hides aboard the salvage ship while the survivors board it, and then attacks me. I temporarily drive the chaos devil from him, and then Geeta subdues him by tranquilising him.
We finish loading up the survivors and depart, but our star drive is damaged beyond repair. The starship begins shifting, and drags our ship with it. Nalini and I use the eagle's gifts to keep our ship in our universe while the other ship shifts out, and then explodes. The chaos creatures try to grab chalker and the rest of us, but the watcher steps in, causing nalini and i to shape shift. The watcher unmakes the chaos creature, and we are free to make our slow way home.


[AethyrShip]