++Erehwon007 Background
*This was the original synopsis. It is now out of date.*
The newspapers are full of the current war. The Sreinye people have invaded the Kanye people, and begun a program of ethnic cleansing. Young women and girls are being herded into rape camps, while almost every one else is being killed.
Danny, Nalini and Liz are caught up in the middle. They feel they can make a difference. Their ability to walk through shadows means they can enter locked rooms and spirit prisoners away from under their captors' noses.
They begin by using their dreaming skills to scout out the region, and discover rape camps, torture camps, death camps and medical research centers that use captured Kanye people for hideous experiments. They are almost overwhelmed by the extend of the task before them.
They attack one of the larger rape camps, escorting prisoners from two locked store rooms. Two of the girls they rescue - 14 yo Danila and 15 yo Katya - both orphans, attach themselves to Danny and Nalini. They insist on helping out as Danny and Nalini search the building for other victims, and prove invaluable.
Rather than leave the two girls in a refugee camp, D & N take them with them when they return to their hotel in London. Over the next two weeks they destroy a number of camps. While this has an effect on the lives of hundreds of people, it has little effect on the overall effect of the war.
Finally they decide that unless they do something about the generals and the president, the weapons of terror and ethnic cleansing will continue to be used. Things don't go all their way - the Sreinye issue a reward of 1 million dollars for their capture, labelling them international terrorists. They are forced to flee their hotel after Danila is captured by Sreinye secret police. Can they avert the terror, or will they just make matters worse?
They are accosted by Timothy Weldrake, a reporter with the Guardian. He wants to interview them, and convinces them they are in danger. They shift to a different shadow London and arrange accomodation. A little later they discover their old hotel was bombed that afternoon.
The next day Nalini and Liz return to London, and while Nalini composes an email to Weldrake Liz is captured by sreinye secret police. They rescue her. The next day there is a message in the Guardian "Silver storm phone home - uncle is missing" with a phone number. Nalini goes and rings, and talks to someone who tells them Weldrake had disappeared. They meet with a small team of SAS people, and then take them to where Weldrake is held. He is chained with electric current running through body, bomb will explode if current stops, or changes too much.
It transpires the Weldrake is employed by British security, and it is arranged for D & N to meet with British and European security. They are briefed to go after 2 generals, the chief of secret police and 5 underlings, 3 ministers and the president.

 

