++Erehwon 002 - The Shadow of the Serpent
+++Shadow: [Aquilonia|AquiloniaShadow]
Cast:
[Danny] and [Nalini]
[Paula] and [Prospero]
[Amrik] and [Enyil]
[Imladril], [Durathror], [Iskandor] and [Atlendor]
+++Synopsis 
While traveling through shadow with Danny and Nalini, Paula requests they stop for a toilet break. However, she does not return. Danny and Nalini find her footprints overlaid with prints of horses hoofs. The prints vanish into seeming thin air after only fifty meters. Danny and Nalini track Paula through shadow, eventually discovering her chained in a dungeon of a medieval castle. After further investigation they realize the owner of the castle is a sorcerer. Nalini goes in search of bolt cutters to free Paula, but Danny is ambushed by the same attackers who kidnapped paula, and is knocked unconscious.
Danny wakes to find himself chained beside Paula, along with two other males. His torc has been taken, but he discovers that while his shadow shifting powers are diminished, he can still shift. He walks from the dungeon into an adjacent shadow, taking Paula and the two men with him. They are still chained, but they manage to remove the chains, then Danny moves them somewhere safer while they wait for Nalini to return. She lets him know via telepathy that the black robed figures are following her. She manages to stay ahead of her persuers long enough to rejoin Danny and the others, where-upon a fight ensues.
Modern guns help win the fight, and then Danny, Nalini and Paula set out to return the two men - Amrik and Prospero - to their home city. Along the way they are attacked several times by the black robed figures, but each time they manage to break free.
During this Danny and Nalini become separated, Paula finds herself with Danny while Amrik and Prospero are with Nalini. Nalini and her companions manage to shake their persuers and reach the city of Tarantia in the kingdom of Aquilonia. Danny and Paula shake their persuers, but find themselves far from Tarantia. They decide to stay at a small town for the night.
The next morning Danny and Paula set off for Tarantia, but along the way the black robes ambush them, and this time they are lead by their sorcerer. Both Danny and Paula are captured. The sorcerer lets them know he will convey them to his castle, and then sacrifice them so he can steal their powers. Nalini enlists the help of her mentor Durathror to try to save Danny and Paula. Amrik, who has turned out to be the king of Aquilonia, promises to send his entire army to help. Preparations are made. Durathror opens a portal into the castle, which will transport the army through. He springs through with Amrik and Nalini, and there is a showdown with the sorcerer and his ally, the Serpent god.
The survivors return to Tarantia, where Durathror's sister Imladril arrives accompanied by several of her best healers to treat the wounded. Amrik arranges for a victory banquet for the survivors, to be followed the next day by the funeral for those who died.
Amrik asks everyone to stay for a week or two and spend some time with him, telling him about the strange places they are from. Paula and Prospero seem to take a liking to one another.

	