++ Five Types Of Ley Lines

The energy lines are similar to ley lines, the earth's electromagnetic currents, but are smaller and more pervasive, like fibres crisscrossing in all directions all over Earth. Although they exist everywhere, there is a tendency for the stronger and more easily noticeable lines to be found around rocks and high places. They exist on a number of levels in male and female polarities, each corresponding to the distinct nature of the local areas in which they are found.

But within all this diversity there is a consistency of five main types – types which, neatly enough, correspond to the 5 element theory of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM). Each type of line strengthens the core essence of a different elemental signature in our bio-spiritual anatomy. By connecting to one of the different energy lines, you are able to bathe in that particular elemental signature, thus strengthening the flow of that energy within you. 
 # The liver-wood lines are those which travel in a straight line into the distance, often (though not always) to a distant object. 
 # The split energy lines correspond to the heart-fire element. 
 # Spleen-earth lines feel like a cocooning bubble of energy that enables your awareness to become a single sphere of perception. 
 # Lung-metal lines are descending lines, and are prominent on cliffs where there are large drops of space, but can also be found in other areas. They give you a feeling of 'coming down' into the centre the earth. 
 # Often found on rocks, kidney-water lines are rising in nature, making one feel very tall and full of vitality.