++ George_1715

Synopsis
George and family go to Athens as envoy. 10 years have passed. Philippos suggests it as a way to avoid the man in black, or having Georgios turned at 17.

Athens is an interesting city. It was occupied by the Ottomans in 1453. In answer to the prayers of its inhabitants, Venice took possession of it in 1687, but the rescuing Christian overlords proved to be even worse than the Ottomans, who took it back in 1688. there was an Ottoman governor, but Greeks were playing important rolls in the administration. One of those is Palomedes, the Master of Athens.
Palomedes played a behind the scenes role in driving out the Venetians, and also in having Greek participation in the administration. 
George lives in a three story house with doctor’s rooms and dispensary at the bottom left. Those working there include Soula, Helena, Phoebe and Melissa. Erianthe, Sylvia, and Chloe are midwives.   
George’s household is now George’s household is now 17, 11 women and 5 children  :
- Soula
- Erianthe
- Sylvia
- Artemis
- Athena
- Phoebe
- Melissa
- Ariana
- Chloe
- Sapphira
- Helena
children
- Andromeda
- Zoe
- Zenobia
- Georgios 
- Iolanthe

George now sleeps for three hours around midday, and works as a physician.
He lives in a three story residence of whitewashed brick. Its shutters were closed against the afternoon heat, and there were two doors, one on either side of the residence. The left door sported a sign written in Greek that proclaimed Doctor Podalirios, a renowned physician, could be consulted within. The sign also featured a picture of the rod of Asklepios - a staff entwined by a single serpent, the symbol of ancient Greek physicians. 


 

The Turkish governor of Athens is [Mustafa_ali_Bey]

Story [The_Master_Of_Athens]