++ George_1705

George longish dark hair, hazel eyes, about 5'8"
Wife: Ana (deceased)
Children: Helena (captured by Turks age = 13.5)
            - Georgios
  Costa: (deceased - failed conversion age = 12)
  Maria: (deceased)


The Underhill Village (katolofos):
Vampire is Vrykolakas (plural vrykolakes) in Greek
George's family
Soula - (25, 70) Red Hair caught in braid, pretty, in her mid twenties, her bloom of youth just starting to fade. Her eyes looked old and careworn, and there were scars at her neck, wrists and crooks of her elbows. Her smile warmed him. She had a son by the turks when she was 26 - Leon. He died a vampire 12 years ago. His spirit visited her to reassure her he wasn't damned.

Erianthe - (33, 60) Dark hair, 
Sylvia - (17, 38) Dark hair, dark eyes, slim, 5'8" (tall as George) small breasts. She rooms with Artemis and Helena
Athena - (17, 38) Dark hair, dark eyes, nut brown, narrow hips, wiry muscles
 - foster children
   - Ariana - (13) brown hair and grey eyes
       - Zenobia - brown hair, blue eyes when small, dark and hazel when bigger
   - Chloe - (13) Black hair and blue eyes
       - Zoe - dark hair and hazel eyes, black and yellow when grown
Artemis - (17, 38) Dark hair, dark eyes,boyish figure included slim hips, broad shoulders, wiry muscles and a flat chest. Her black hair was cut in a short bob, and her light brown eyes were alive. She was dressed in dark coloured trousers and a man’s shirt. Her skin is honey coloured. She rooms with Sylvia and Helena
Phoebe (17, 38) Dark hair, dark eyes, pale skin,
  - foster daughter
    - Melissa (15) blond, hazel eyes
      - Andromeda (2)dark hair, dark eyes
Helena - pale skin, long dark red hair, blue eyes
   - son - Georgios - brown hair, brown eyes
Sapphira - a sad eyed young girl, slim, with long dark tresses, pale skin, and piercing blue eyes. (Her Turkish father had blue eyes, her mother told her. They lived with her grandparents, I think they all loved one another. But the Turks killed them, like they did in our village.)
   - daughter - Iolanthe - black hair, blue eyes


After the raid that rescues Helena:
- Erianthe
- Athena
- Phoebe
- Melissa
- Soula
- Sylvia
- Artemis

Rescued girls: 
- Helena
- Sapphira

Bandits Refuge (above ground village) has 12 women living there, all former human servants of deceased bandits.
- Maria -  looked classical Greek - blond hair in two long braids, blue eyes, skin that was milk pale except for her tanned face arms and legs. She wore a white linen wrap belted with a red belt of woven cords, leather sandals, and one bright red feather attached to a red leather thong about her neck. She appeared to be in her mid thirties. She is at least 40 years older than Lydia
- Zoe - Her brown hair was plaited into a long braid that hung down her back to her waist, and she walked with a free and easy gait. She wore a pale yellow dress that came to her knees, brown boots that had seen a lot of use. Her breasts were unconstrained under the dress, and jiggled as she walked. She is about 10 years younger than Naria
- Daphne - long light brown hair caught in a knot on the tip of her head, and falling from the knot past her shoulder blades. She had hazel eyes, and wore a green skirt that fell to her knees, a scarlet bodice with embroidered flowers in pink and green, and brown boots that came to her calves. She looked in her early twenties. 9 years younger than Maria, 26 years older than Lydia
- Zenobia - brown hair 
- Zehra - Turkish. Mother Greek comfort woman. Kept with the captives, taught to be Turkish, but used as a comfort woman herself from age 14. Loukia's mother. one of the twelve who live above ground. Now entertaining Nicholas.
- Magdalena - brown hair

Old Village
Stephanos - carpenter
Loukas - cobbler
Markos - farmer
Iakovos (40s) - farmer

Other Villages:
Woodcutter - west near forest. George knows it because they pass through it.
Three Pines - Nort west

Philippos' women: Elektra (blonde, blue eyes), Melantha ("dark flower", Raven tresses descending half way down her back, pale skin, green eyes)

Petros' women: Lydia -  tall and slender. Her brown hair was tied back in a pony tail, her eyes were blue, and she was fresh faced, perhaps seventeen. although 160
- Sophia - brown hair, younger than Lydia
- Penelope - apprentice human servant dark brown hair in bob, hazel eyes, 15 or 16

Aristoteles women - Loukia, Ana both dark haired, dark eyed, half Turkish

Letter from Palomedes (Master of Athens) to Philippos (Master of Underhill)
- Greetings
- Acknowledge 
- Look out for Y & C
- Most Greek families are little better than wild animals. Tame or kill
- Establish relations with 3 european houses
  - hungarian - Count Gyorgy Thurzo
  - bohemia - Count Adolf von Seinsheim
  - Wallachia - Count Vladimir Tepes Dracula
- He will send envoys to reside at each court
- Begs us to send someone to reside in his court, someone who can communicate mind to mind with me.