++ Horrja


Horrja was slender, with scaly green skin with iridescent highlights. Her face was human enough, though her nose was flat and narrow, with two slits. Her eyes were yellow cat’s eyes, with vertical pupils. She had prominent fangs, while her ears were little more than ridges on the sides of her head. There is a small ridge on her head that is bright yellow. She walked with a high stepping gait like a horse, as if she were tiptoeing. She had three fingers plus thumb on each hand, and the digits all ended in claws.

The double ‘rr’ was trilled or rolled, as many Scots would. She was dressed in a dark blue one piece that shimmered like watered silk, changing colours as she moved. She was the medical officer about Star Falcon. She was a different species from Geeta, native of a planet circling a different star. Since both her star and Geeta’s star were in the Tucana constellation, humans tended to refer to both races as Tukani.

They refer to themselves as the sand people.

Horrja resembles an intelligent dinosaur - like madame Vastra. She is the medical officer.

Horrja's people are hermaphrodites, though they conventionally rever to themselves as female. They lay eggs, normally only one or two, which are hatched by a subset of the family group, and then suckled. Their breasts are flat until they are preparing to hatch eggs. Their bellies are whiter than the rest of their body, and they appear sexless,though close inspection will reveal a feminine like slit. This conceals both a penis and vagina.

They form family groups of two or more adults, and generally all of them have sex with each other.

she comes from HD 4308 in Tucana - G6, 71.9 LY. (In the stories, Terran designation Tucana G6.308.3)