++Kadellin Goldenhand
"Cadellin Goldenhand is a Creature of Order, from the primary plane around the Crystal of Order. He too is quite ancient. He was once one of the royalty of Order, but he betrayed his kin and his powers to Chaos. He is now known as Cadellin Kinslayer, or simply The Traitor."
"What did he do? Who did he betray?" I asked.
"I am getting to that. One of his kin, a male we believe, was inducted into the order of the eagle and a second, a female we believe, was inducted into the order of the jaguar. Their orders were entrusted with safekeeping of a powerful magical artifact known as the Eagle's Eyes. The two people in question were lovers, and took the Oath of Eternal Devotion to each other. That in itself is extremely unusual, as it binds them body and soul for eternity. There is no power in all of creation that can break that oath."
At those words I felt something icy walk my spine. Nalini and I looked at one another. They were us, of that we were sure. "Who were they? What were their names?"
"I will get to that." The guide chided gently. "We believe that Cadellin wanted the female for himself, but the Oath thwarted his desires. This may be the reason he made a pact with Legrand of Chaos, such that the two were betrayed when they had the eye in their possession. Many from both Chaos and Order still believe that they themselves gave the eye to Legrand, but our race knows differently."
"Who is [Legrand] of Chaos?"
"At that time he was the god of Chaos. Cadellin is believed to have wrought a cunning trap with the help of Legrand, and caught the female with it. Many claim that Cadellin bargained her life for the Eye. Her lover is supposed to have given the Eye to Legrand.
"However, Cadellin threw the female into the Pit of Chaos, causing her to be uncreated. He also hoped to cause her lover an eternity of anguish by this. Her lover however threw himself into the Pit and was also uncreated. The Eye vanished at about the same time, and we believe that the male took the Eye with him into the Pit. It cannot have been uncreated, for we would not know its name.
"This is the reason their names are unknown. Since they were uncreated, creation was changed such that they never existed. They never had any names."
At this point I could feel shivers tingling up and down my spine. A memory of a voice speaking -- "It will be as if she never existed. Her name shall be forgotten -- even by you. You will feel utter devastation, knowing that you have lost, but you will never know who or what you have lost, and you will never remember the happy times you had with her!" It was like a knife slammed into my gut.
I knew with a certainty that could not be denied. "I cursed him then, and followed you."
Nalini took my hand, squeezed it hard. "We made it back. We made it back. The Pit of Chaos did not have the power to break our bond."
The guide had fallen silent. "You cannot be they, for they were uncreated. But you bear their magical items, items that existed since before the dawn of creation. It is possible that there is some residual memory within those items that you can touch. I do not doubt the feelings are genuine, but they are not your memories."
I squeezed Nalini's hand. <<I will believe we are they until I see incontrovertible proof otherwise.>>

