Ley Lines == Song Lines == Dragon Lines and many more names.
The Lines of the World, the grid of energy lines that run thoughout the world. There was a theory published by Alfred Watkins in 1925 in "The Old Straight Track" that ley lines were straight, connecting 5 or more archaic sites in a straight line. This is misleading for several reasons:
1. Given only 50 points on a map, a 5 point line is statistically unlikely. However, giver 300 or more, even a 8 point line is possible.
2. How wide is a line? Watkins postulated 4 to 6 ft, but many enthusiasts use much wider lines.
3. The energy lines follow natural features, and these flow in curves. Only when mankind erected standing stones and aligned them was the energy warped into straight line flows. Lochs help the path of energy, as do standing stones, ravines and valleys (which act as wave guides).
4. Telluric currents are electric currents that travel through the earth's crust, and can be used to create a battery -- bury 2 plates of different metals (or 1 metal and 1 carbon) at least a meter apart, connected by a wire. There will be a voltage (about 1v, depending on the plates), strongest if the plate closest to the pole is buried deeper and aligned with magnetic lines.
Straight line leys have a wavelength of about 5ft to 6ft, and are a standing wave with the next point.
Curved leys have a wavelength of about 20ft and a cycle of about 2 minutes.

Your aura connects to these and takes in energy to keep you alive. You can pull down more energy for magic should you require. Some of this energy is water energy, but most is earch energy.

How do you harness more energy?