The dream in the mind of god contains a pure mathematical universe. But the pure mathematics are corrupted by the actuality of physics and the dreaming realms. Quantum mechanics are statistical and semi random, but understanding at this level does not show the patterns.

All the patterns in physics are because of life. Life corrupts the purity of physics by imposing organisation and structure on top of the physics. It appears to be a local circumvention of the laws of entropy. Life is self organizing. Life appears everywhere it can, and everywhere it can't.

Life in turn is corrupted by will, intelligence, awareness. Life is subject to statistal analysis, but will changes this. The physics of 'hungry' and the mathematics of 'hungry' do not give rise to the hunter and the hunted.

Life is a universal process, reproducing, self organizing, self complicating.

Many of the so called problems of astrophysics are evidence of life rather than forces of nature.

*The background microwave radiation is not the echo of the big bang, but the black body radiation of life. Moore's Theorem "The communication of any sufficiently advanced civilization looks exactly like black body radiation." The background radiation is the encrypted communications of 15 billion year old civilizations. Beyond that limit light has yet to travel. But that does not mean the universe ends at the edge of vision.
* The missing nuetrinos in solar reactions is plasmoid 'life' managing the nuclear reactions for its own benefit.
* The era of inflation is the effects of quantum gravity creatures that eat curvature
* The anomalous spin of galaxies is not evidence of dark matter, but of the ability of living galaxies to swim at will through the cosmic void.
*The universe is a playground of life. It is everywhere. The Tree of Life is All One. And all is a dream in the mind of god.

