[ElizabethanEngland]
+Lucifer
Luke himself was a wiry man in his early thirties, about one hundred and eighty centimeters tall, his facial features a mixture of Greek and Egyptian heritage. He was wearing tan slacks and loafers, and a yellow shirt with broad multi hued vertical stripes of lilac in different shades. There was a heavy gold chain about his neck.

[[PrinceLukeios][Prince Lukeios of Stygia]] -- Elizabethan version

+Rene
Elf
a small man with pale skin, short blond hair and droopy moustache and Vandyke beard. He was the chateau's brew master, responsible for the beer most of the others were drinking. He called himself Rene, but the locals often referred to him as Monsieur Asterix because he reminded them of a famous French Comic book character. He had fangs, talons instead of nails, slanted blue eyes and pointed ears.

+Pierre 
Rock Troll
 Lars Copperhead. If you pictured a statue of a gorilla carved from granite, larger than life size, you had a rough idea of Lars' appearance. He wore a leather jerkin, but his prehensile feet were bare. His legs were short and bowed, and his arms long enough that his knuckles would drag on the ground. His skin was the color and texture of granite, and almost as hard. He was immensely strong, and could easily carry a horse under each arm, a feat he was happy to demonstrate at the local fair. He was the chateau's head gardener, a gentle soul who loved the soil and everything that grew from it or lived in it. The locals often referred to him as Monsieur Obelix because he reminded them of another comic book character.

+Colette, Pierre’s daughter
Middle aged, dark haired, slim. Originally rescued by Pierre from the nazis, now married to Rene. She is a sorcerer, about 75, with three adult children.