++Luminous Dragons
From one point of view, god dreams the archetypes, and the archetypes dream the shadows, and the shadows dream us, so we are dreams within a dream within a dream. From a different viewpoint, what God dreams is like a bubble. That bubble is called the Formless Void. Within this are four main levels, and some minor ones. Think of the skins of an onion. The first or outer skin is the realm of the summer stars. This is where the luminous dragons live, and they dream the rest of creation. They are beings of immense power, since they are at the top of all creation. Beyond them is the Void, and beyond that is God itself.
We talk about all of creation being a dream in the mind of God. If you think of that as an infinite sea, then creation is just a small bubble within that.
The first layer is the Realm of the Summer Stars, and the Abode of the Luminous Dragons, as I said. The next layer in is the Pit of Despair, the abyss, or the Pit of Chaos, and it is here that the demons of force and form reside. They have the power to destroy anything from the lower levels. The Abyss is not considered one of the four levels but a gap between level one and level two. This was where your spirit was consigned by the Angel of Pain. I am not sure what he is, but he would have to exist mainly at level two. Our spirits cannot normally venture there unless they are taken there by some power.
The next layer in is the realm of the mind, the abode of the gods, and of consciousness we can relate to. This is considered the second layer. The gods can manifest in shadow, or the physical worlds, by taking on physical bodies, and are largely subject to the limits of the physical world. This is the realm where all the gods and demons of religion reside. We can visit this realm in our spirits, but it takes much energy to do so.
The next layer in is that of the spirit or dreaming. This realm is where you have your dreams. You visit in your dreaming body. This is where the guides live. This is where you go when you die. The next layer in from that is the fourth layer, that of the physical world, and what we call the realm of shadow.
+++Saodat's Rescue
The luminous dragons sang! And they bound the Angel of Pain, and they released Saodat's spirit. Don't ask me how they did that - even the gods do not understand the sorcery of the luminous beings. The gods pray that their antics will not attract the attention of the luminous beings. But once Saodat's spirit was freed, we four found our way back to our physical bodies.