++ Melody

she has shoulder length black hair, leaf green eyes, milk white skin. her ears are more pointy than humans, and her breasts are small.

she is 155cm (5'1")

she can shapeshift and shadow walk, and often uses glamour to appear more human

* she had three children by her husband - two boys, one girl. 
* after divorce, two children by two lovers
* [Fleur] is her adopted daughter with [George]
* trained as a chef in Paris in the 1950s


see also [TimeLineGeorge]

" I was five. Raiders came and sacked the town. My aunt told me they were Sidhe warriors, none of our magic could stand up to theirs. I remember our house exploded; my father was blown to pieces. I saw that ...” She paused. “I screamed, my mother grabbed me and we fled. Tall, glowing warriors chased us, caught us. They were tall and slender, golden skin, and I mean skin like precious metal, glowing with magical light, glowing with power, long red hair that glowed like spun rubies in the sun, slanted eyes that were multi coloured - purple where the whites would be, glowing gold and green and blue in their irises, three concentric rings of different colours. They had white tunics, sky blue cloaks, and greenish plaid trousers.”
 “They caught us, and they took me away from my mother. I know now that she was raped and slain, though my aunt only told me the Sidhe had killed her.”
“I don’t know what they intended. I was put with other children, but then a flock of blood red ravens attacked our guards, and we fled. One of the ravens flew after me, told me to follow it. It led me into the forest, and to my aunt’s place. That was in a different shadow, I don’t know how a raven could shift shadows, unless it was a Fae shape shifter. My aunt and her husband said they did not see the raven, and they knew nothing of it.”
“About sixty years went by. I married, moved to a town, had three children. Then one day Sidhe warriors came to sack the town. My two sons were adults, and long gone from my home. My husband grabbed our three year old daughter and fled, leaving me to fend for myself. I don’t blame him, I told him to flee with her and I would follow.”
“He escaped, they caught me. There was no red raven this time, and for three days I was their plaything. They raped and tortured and maimed, but they stopped short of killing me.”
“Finally, my aunt came, in the form of a white dire wolf the size of a horse. She rescued me and made my husband carry me away...”
“In that form she was emissary of Mor Rhiganu, a Celtic goddess. The real Morrigan, not some Sidhe pretending. Even the Sidhe demigods fear her - they gave her that name - Mor Rhiganu means the Queen of Terror. My husband contacted my aunt, she called on the goddess to help her. The goddess turned her into the wolf; she shadow walked to me even though the Sidhe had a block on shadow shifting. My aunt cast a spell Mor Rhiganu had given her and that stripped all the Sidhe in the area of their powers, and made them mortal. The Seelie Sidhe queen was furious, according to my aunt. But my aunt said Mor Rhiganu paid the Seelie queen a visit, and told her that the goddess had made the Sidhe, and the goddess would unmake them if they offended her.
“The Sidhe were holding about thirty four women and two young girls. My aunt healed us all, and set us free. I went to my aunt’s place, where my daughter was safe and sound."

 “I was off men for six or maybe eight months. My husband said he understood, but I didn’t realise he could no longer have sex with me, something inside him had died that day. We’re still friends, he helped raise our daughter, but he eventually found someone else, and they moved in together. I moved on, I healed, I moved to Britain, I took Fae lovers, I raised two more children, three if you count Fleur. I have lived among humans for so long that I can no longer abide the casual cruelty of the Fae, nor the utter arrogance of the Sidhe. They look on all non Sidhe the way many whites from the southern United States used to regard their black slaves. The females are good enough to rape, but they treat their farm animals better.”