++Nalini
Shadow: [Brisbane Shadow]
Shadow: [NaliniHomeShadow]
[Danny] and Nalini first met in the story Dream Girl [Erehwon001]{Such Stuff as Dreams are Made Of}. They are lovers, soulmates, and have been together over many many lifetimes.
+++Nalini Vaidya
Nalini stands about one hundred and seventy centimeters, or five foot seven. She has a gymnast's body, and moves with a dancer's lithe grace. Her skin is the color of black coffee, her face shows a mixture of Chinese and Indian features, but her eyes are yellow like those of a cat. Her glossy black hair is sometimes worn in a single braid, sometimes in two braids, and sometimes is held in place with jewelled combs. It usually falls between half way and two thirds of the way down her back. 
She usually dresses in an emerald green T-shirt, black jeans and hiking boots. There is a single large gold hoop and a single small gold loop in each ear. About her neck is a gold torc chased with silver and red gold scrollwork that could almost be cursive runes. Each end of the torc cradles a single large gem, the left one smoky green, the right one smoky red. She also wore a gold ring set with a single large amethyst on a gold chain about her neck (see [EaglesGifts]{The Eagles Gifts}). The ring was a gift from Finn mac Morn (the Story Fin Mac Morn [Erehwon001]{Such Stuff as Dreams are Made Of}) . On her left hand was a white gold band incised with black runes. Danny wears its twin on his left hand. They were gifts to each other.
Nalini usually has a semi automatic pistol holstered at her right hip. The pistol is black and lethal, firing fifteen 9mm shots from a single magazine. She also has a samurai sword strapped across her back. She is quite proficient with the sword, and was taught to use it by [Durathror].

+++Back Story
She learned shadow shifting from [Korum], whom she first met when she was only 19. She ran away with him to avoid an arranged marriage by her wealthy parents. Her father was the Indian Envoy to Australia.
She spent 1.5 years with Korum, in various shadows, when he walked out with no reason. Durathror told her Korum had dumped her. She went looking for him, but could not find him. Eventually, Durathror and Ra'anor persuaded her to return home to visit her parents. They went with her. When she arrived, she found 47 years had elapsed, and her parents were elderly.
“I told them a half truth. I told them that Krishna, one of the Hindu gods, had spirited me away for a year. Eventually they accepted I was their daughter. Durathror and Ra’anor left, though they visited me from time to time. I stayed until both my parents died. I’ve been back there many times since, until I moved in with Danny. I stayed with the Viharani for over three years. If you add up all the time I've spent away, I’ve aged about thirty eight years, but almost one hundred years have elapsed in my home shadow. They have colonies on mars and the moon, and a number of in space settlements. When I was a girl they were just starting the space program.”

In [Erehwon008], Nalini is in her late 50s. (58 => 120 years ago she was born). Hence we calculate her date of birth around 1880.

++++the rape
“I went back to one of our old haunts, a shadow that was similar to England in the seventeen hundreds, but different. I had friends there, and several of them were budding sorcerers. I had no torc to give anyone, but I could show them things, and instruct them. I fell in love with someone, and for a while I was happy. But the small group had made contact with what they called Entities from Beyond. They did not tell me, I counselled against trafficking with any entities. Someone did something stupid, and we were all arrested for trafficking with demons. It was a death sentence there, and they did horrible things to us before they would kill us. They had me bound tightly so I could not walk. That meant I could not shadow walk to get us out of there.”
“We were all bound tightly so we could not walk or make gestures, and gagged so we could not summon any demons. Then they proceeded to burn out everyone’s eyes and tongues. They were going to do the same to me too, but luckily they decided to rape me first, so they freed my legs. As soon as they did, I shadow shifted out of there, into water, taking some of them with me. They were too busy trying to save their own lives to try to catch me...”
“I could shadow walk, so I managed to rescue everyone. The man I loved, James, the ringleader, was badly injured, and died from blood loss, as did two others. Five others lived, though they were all mutes, and one was blind. I brought them to safety, then I went to find Imladril or Durathror. Imladril would be able to heal us, and I hoped she would heal all of them.”
Her face became more serious. “Walking through shadow can be dangerous. You must specify that each shadow you shift into is safe for your passage. If you are rushed, you can forget that. I slipped up. I ran into a band of bandits who knocked me out, and proceeded to rape me for hours, until I managed to move enough to shadow shift. I didn’t walk, I rolled. I was still partially bound, and barefoot - bare from the waist down actually, and they had taken my torc.”
“We’re attuned to our torcs, that’s when I discovered I could sense shadows even though I wasn’t wearing my torc. Otherwise I would have been trapped at the mercy of the bandits. I don’t think they would have killed me, they would have kept me as a plaything, a sex slave.”
“That’s not really a life.” Katya commented.
“No, but I would have been alive, with the possibility of escape at some time. Durathror would eventually come to visit me, and then he would rescue me.
“As it was, I was away from them, and not badly injured. I spent time getting out of my bonds, and concentrating on contacting Imladril. I didn’t fancy walking for hours. She heard my mental plea for help, and came with Durathror to rescue me. They took me back to their home shadow, and I lived among them for about three years.
“Some of the time I stayed with Imladril and Iskandor, the balance I stayed with Durathror and Ra’anor. Imladril called me daughter, Durathror called me niece. Between them they taught me most of what I know of sorcery; Durathror and Iskandor taught me martial arts, including unarmed combat, knives, and sword play.”


[Chakras]