++Nalini's Home Shadow
Nalini's home shadow is also known as Windemere St. because this is the street where her apartment is. She lives in Sydney in this shadow. There are many similarities between this world and ours, as well as many differences. However, most of the differences were subtle in that a casual visitor would not notice them.

+++General
The most glaringly obvious difference is that the sky in Nalini's shadow has a greenish tinge, and the sun also is slightly greenish. Maybe her sun is slightly hotter than ours, maybe the sky colors the sunlight.

Both were at a similar level of technology. There was television, jet airplanes (or aeroplanes as she calls them), computers and so on. However, her world had several space bases and a moon base, was planning a base on Mars. The languages were similar, except that English and French and Chinese were of equal importance; and most of the countries were recognizable.

+++History

It seemed that in her shadow, the renaissance period had been longer, and encouraged the first flowering of democratic movements. There had not been an English civil war, rather there had been a democratic revolution with similar results, although less bloody. A parliament had been created to advise the king. The French revolution was also milder. It had more of the character of the English civil war than a reign of terror. The king had been beheaded, and a parliament along English lines set up, but after a few years the king's son was crowned, again along similar lines to the English system.

The Moslem invasion of India and South East Asia was prevented on two fronts. The Austro-Hungarian empire, the French and the British all took stakes in the Middle East, allowing China to invade South East Asia and the northern parts of India. There had been close trade between northern India, Tibet, parts of Southern China and South East Asia for some time. The northern area of India later broke away from china as a separate Buddhist region, but many of the nobles had intermarried with the Chinese, leading to the mix of indian and Chinese characteristics among the nobles. Britain later took a controlling interest in both Indias and large areas of China.

Napoleon existed by that name, but as minister of war under a French king, and had captured half of Europe for the French empire, including all the German speaking states which were not part of the Austro-Hungarian empire. The border wars between the two empires had run for over a century.

The French and Austro-Hungarian empires had both colonized parts of America and Australia. The English speaking colonies in the Americas still had a war of independence from the British, but that did not include the French and the Austrian colonies. The American civil war never happened, but about that time there had been a war between the French colonies and the Austrian colonies on the American mainland. This coincided with both colonial powers consolidating their holdings in Africa and Asia. The English speaking Americans also became involved, and the result was still the abolition of slavery, and the formation of the Cofederation of the Free Peoples of the Americas (or CFPA for short), with Abraham Lincoln as president. The former colonies were independent powers with their own sovereignty, but banding together for mutual support, against the empires, much as the individual states in the USA had here. Apparently they were still together, but there were ethnic tensions like in Canada, only worse. The American public service required employees to be tri-lingual (English, French and German)!

The late 1800s also saw a democratic revolution in Russia, leading to a civil war and land reform. It was a fairly bloody affair, with many nobles killed, but since it happened twenty five years before Lenin, Russia in Nalini's world had avoided communism, and tried to model itself along English parliamentary lines.

World War one as we know it never eventuated, instead there had been a twenty year era of peace, prosperity and co-operation. That was spoiled around 1917 with a civil war in the Balkans, which did spread to involve the European empires, and resulted in Britain, France, Austria and Russia carving up Europe, the Balkans and Northern Africa between them. Spain, Italy and Greece and the Balkan countries ceased to exist as separate nations. Britain controlled the Middle East, while France and Austria controlled much of Northern Africa.

There followed another era of peace, with the formation of the League of Nations to ensure that the powers did not fight with each other again. That ended with another war around 1935. This was the time of the great Dictators. The Kaiser was advised by one Adolph Hister who stirred up hatred of the Jews and had much of the Austrian Empire ethnically cleansed; General Franco fought a war of independence for the Spanish regions against the French, but lost; the Balkans exploded in civil war, and Japan moved into Asia, massacring hundreds of thousands.

The British protectorates of India and China fought back, aided by both the Australian and New Zealand protectorates; although they had poorer equipment, their overwhelming superiority of numbers balked most of the Japanese invasion plans. The result was an enlarged British Empire, but the Japanese controlled parts of Southern Asia formerly controlled by the French or the Austrians. China, along with its Indian provinces, fought a war of bloody attrition and slowly pushed the Japanese out of asia, gaining autonomy in the process. 

Russia was ruled by the Iron Tzar, and there was a bitter war between the Austrians and the Russians over the future of the Balkans. The French were in there pitching for their slice of the action, as were the British. The American Cofederation stayed out of the war in Europe, although they did become embroiled with Japan.

The war with Japan ended after almost eleven years with the use of nuclear weapons by the British. The European war had dragged on for the same eleven years (until 1946) but ended abruptly after this display of strength by the British Empire. Large areas had been devastated, but the boundaries had changed little. Japan surrendered to the British to avoid Chinese retribution.

The superpowers of the time (Britain, Russia, France, Austria, Spain and China/India) formed a World Council to avoid the threat of nuclear war. By this stage there were almost no other independent countries, all having been absorbed into one or the other of the empires. The Cofederation of the Free Peoples of the Americas was the only exception Nalini could remember.

Many of the British protectorates gained semi autonomy about this time, having their own parliament but still under the umbrella of the British Empire. This included British Canada, British China, British India, New Zealand, British Australia, South Africa and British South America.

The years following saw a world largely at peace. There were minor border skirmishes, a few civil wars or wars for independence in some of the non British protectorates. In time a number of the non British protectorates gained limited self determination along the lines of the British protectorates.

The 1980s saw the rise of Islamic fundamentalists, and religious terrorism from various religions. However, the world had a world council, with the presidency rotating from each of the powers. In a spirit of cooperation, the world powers built a space base, and then in the early 1990s they erected a moon base. These operated under similar arrangements to the use of the Antarctic here. The concept of international law was developed, and the Empires were slowly moving toward similar laws and freedoms. There was even talk of giving more power to a world government, if the empires could bring themselves to trust each other more. Nalini saw this process as positive, and claimed that her world was now more peaceful than mine, and had a better outlook. The main problem was that instead of English moving toward being a universal language, they still had seven (English, French, German, mandarin Chinese, Spanish, Japanese and Russian). Educated people normally spoke two or three, studying them in school.

The globalization of Nalini's world was helped along by a burgeoning computer network called WorldNet that allowed users in countries around the world to exchange information rapidly. The other point of interest was that either time passed slightly faster there, or they had their dates wrong by twelve years, since her local date was twelve years ahead of ours.

