++ Non Space Aliens

+++a
Preying Mantis planet. Technology around the 1700s. The planet is quite warm and very damp, forested and low gravity. They are now trading with the Humans and Tukani and building their own technology to take them to the stars.
There are two dominant races here, plus a hive intellect:
-The first looks like praying mantises 4 meters long. They are carniverous, and consume live lobster like creatures (blue green shells the size of medium dogs). They would eat (3), but find their taste atrocious. 
-The second looks like large earwigs about 2.5 meters tall. These are omniverous, and more friendly to humans. Then farm (3) for their honey. 
Cross between bees and ants about the size of sparrows and they can fly. 
-The third is more like primitive tribes, and are farmed by group (2). 
+++B water world, dolphin like??
+++C high gravity world, moluscs? 
“Yes. One, of course, is Terra. The second is a warm, damp world slightly smaller than Terra.” A video appeared on the nearby screen. It showed a group of beings that resembled praying mantises, though about the size of large dogs. They wore harnesses with items strapped to them, and two carried weapons resembling halberds. They were walking on a trail through lush plants. The scene changed to a clearing with a structure made of egg shaped items joined together. Each one was several times the size of one of the creatures. 
“They have edged weapons, carts and sailing ships.” Geeta explained. “The second is a water world with amphibians.” The monitor showed a beach of dark pebbles, washed by small waves. The creatures were more anthropomorphic than the first, though they had webbed feet and hands, and fleshy flaps on their arms. One appeared to be carrying a bone club.
“They have a form of writing, and they build things from wood and stone. The third is a high gravity world with high atmospheric pressure, twenty two Terran atmospheres.” A strange orange world appeared, the air was yellowish, the ground mottled with different shades of orange. There were several things that looked like conical hats, somewhat flat. On second look, we could see they had eyes on stalks like snails, and several tentacle like arms. They were each holding what appeared to be a piece of broken glass in one tentacle, and using another to hold a cylindrical rock to hammer the piece of glass against the mottled orange surface. Other tentacles were being used to clear away the chips and shavings.
“What are they doing?” We both asked.
“The AI says they might be carving a bas-relief. They build things from wood and stone. They seem to have a system of writing that involves pictographs. None of the three species have space travel, or even air travel. In fact, the AI just told me they don’t have engines, any machine is muscle, wind or water power. The AI can give you details if you want. We have android embassies on each world, and there is a habitat in each system.”
