++Order and Chaos
"Our archetype is that of Order and Chaos, one pole is the crystal of order, the other is the pit of chaos. All the shadows form our realm, and are strung like a net between the two. Neither is better than the other. I know some of you think I'm from chaos and so biased toward them, but our archetype has two sides, just like a coin. You cannot have a one sided coin, and neither side is better than the other. You need both, and you need a balance between them. Too much chaos and everything breaks down into vortexes of energy, and change for the sake of change. Too much order and everything freezes into ice and nothing ever changes."
"Now, the archetype is said to dream assorted gods and goddesses, and they in turn dream the rest of us. That's more poetic than useful though. There are a number of gods, old gods, high gods, new gods, demi gods and so on. There are some that will tell you that those of us from the prime shadow are gods in our own right. I probably shouldn't tell you this, but we are merely more powerful than the rest of you. We are not gods, and we acknowledge higher powers as gods."
"Now the chief god of order is said to be the eagle, and is pictured as a muscular man with the head of an eagle. So Danny appeared earlier today. The eagle's consort is the jaguar, and is pictured as a lithe female with the head of a jaguar. So Nalini appeared earlier today. There is a whole pantheon of such gods. On the chaos side, the chief god is the rainbow serpent, or simply the serpent, and is pictured as a muscular man with the head of a large cobra. The serpent's consort is the lioness, and is pictured as a lithe female with the head of a lioness.
"Now, these artifacts are supposed to belong to the Eagle, and are claimed to have existed since before the dawn of time. I have my doubts about that. However, the eagle bestows them upon a couple deemed worthy to bear them, and they give that couple strange powers." 

