++Other Ideas
+++The Borrower
a spirit who goes around possessing other people's bodies.
+++Hello Darkness
An Ahriman tale. Hello Darkness my old friend, I've come to talk with you again.
+++Heart of Darkness - Ahriman
+++Dream of the Cosmic Mandala
Rewrite as stand alone short story.
+++Into the Blue
The world is bone dry. The sun in hot, pale blue. The sky is a deep indigo blue. The sand is blindingly pale blue. It hasn't rained for thousands of years. The people live mostly underground, the water comes from underground. Crops and things do grow in areas where the subsurface water is close to the surface, or in areas where the crops are irrigated.
The people are dark skinned, with curving horns on their heads. They do not talk, but rather trill and whistle like birds.  (??are there large worms like dune??)
Part of the problem is that the subterranean water is slowly drying up, and vanishing. Other problems ...
At the conclusion, Liz finds the eagle man by drawing his image on a rock, from which he walks, carrying a leather sack on his back, claiming this is the universe. From his sack he takes his didjeridu and plays this. Liz accompanies him with sticks. Then he takes out his bull roarer, twirls it, and it begins to rain.
+++The Iceplanes
The original iceplanes of iskandor, with Molnir the super computer running half the planet. Some ideas from Moorcock's Ice Schooner
+++Shadow of the Eagle
Based on Andre Norton's ShadowHawk
+++Short stories
Based on Conan the Usurper - set in Aquilonia
+++The Sanctified Mage?
Inspiration: Conan - The Tower of the Elephant
Shadow: Hyboria
*Plot B* - Free the demigod by restoring its heart. It becomes even more evil than the mage, who must work with us to imprison the demon. We prefer to see it banished instead. I use my dagger to destroy the demon's heart. The evil mage has lost his power. The frightened king and people decide to lynch the mage. We rescue him. He is now mortal, and without power. He will grow old and die soon. We tell him to look for the path with a heart, and one day he will come into his own power. We leave him near an isolated monastery where he will become a monk.
*Plot C* - Mage wants our torcs and gems to increase his power. The slaver is bringing the girl(s) from another city to the king. The thief is here to steal the heart of the god, believing the gem will bestow immortality upon the owner. The demigod is imprisoned because the mage holds its heart
++Diskworld
Based on Pratchett's Color of Magic
+++Cycle One
Based on Moorcock's Eternal Champion
+++Novel - The Heart of Tammuz
Inspiration: Conan - The Tower of the Elephant
Shadow: Hyboria
The Slaver (with captured high born girl)
The Thief (who wants to steal the gem)
The King (cruel, drunken, drugged, given to every vice)
The Mage (powerful, controls the king) - "Koshkei"
The Demigod/demon (powerful, but controlled by the mage)
*Plot C* - Mage wants our torcs and gems to increase his power. The slaver is bringing the girl(s) from another city to the king. The thief is here to steal the heart of the god, believing the gem will bestow immortality upon the owner. The demigod is imprisoned because the mage holds its heart
+++Short stories - Tales of the United Planets Federation
Based on the United Planets Federation (S006), various stories of colonies etc in space.
+++Death Under Siege? Pocket Universes?
Based slightly on Roger Zelazny's Donnerjack: The gods plot to take over a shadow, whilst ousting the gods that look after that shadow. Include some of Farmer's World of Tiers.
There is a shadow that is a composite of many shadows, each with its local god that coordinates its world. These are not full planets, but simply large areas, pocket worlds if you will. Each one is separate, but forms something like a patch work quilt. The denizens can cross into separate aethers as they refer to them by means of gates, but it is also possible to cross where the veils are thin..
There is another shadow where the denizens can cross briefly into the aethers but must return. The denizens of the aethers cannot go into this shadow. There are rumors that the culture of the aethers was formed and shaped by people from the other plane visiting. The high gods of the aethers decide they wish to cross into the other plane and control it. This shadow also has many patchwork shadows like the aethers, 
To accomplish this they start as new religion that spills out into the other plane. They have also discovered that with power sources in the other plane they can build gates into that plane. This way they won't be forced to return. (Or will they? Do they require continuous access to power to maintain their forms?)
Nalini and I come into this and cause consternation because we can cross without gates. We need to help one demigod and a few humans and aether residents to overcome the problems, and banish the high gods. Do we want to? What are the alternatives?
+++Pocket Universe? Maker of Universes?
Based on Zelazny's Lord Demon. N & D arrive inside Kai Wren's bottle, where he discovers them. Once he establishes they can move through shadow, he becomes more friendly, and talks with them.
Arrive in time to help Kai when he is demoted to human, and help him regain his powers:
Kai attends the convention, Kai's dogs are stolen, Kai is demoted to human. His bottle is trashed, the others stolen. He steals back a few bottles, nearly killing Tuvoon, regaining part of his powers. Then he rescues the dogs and walker. Then Tuvoon attacks his new home with held from a few gods. Tuvoon is killed. Then he takes stock, regains the rest of his powers. Viss is penned in her bottle, the gods are banished. Viss attacks and is killed. Spilling Moonbeams settles on the Walker, while Kai proposes to Plum.
+++Primal Shadows
Visit to one of the archetypes (order and chaos) The realm of order has globe shaped planets, the realm of chaos has flat planets and bowl shaped planets.
+++To Banish the Sword Rulers
They meet Korwil Irsay, a sorcerer with a magical hand and eye, and a cursed sword. They become involved in a quest he is on... banishment of the sword rulers
+++Blue skinned people with feathered crests.
One group were blue skinned, with feathered crests growing out of their heads instead of hair. They wore a variety of beads and bangles, and both sexes wore loin cloths. Their houses were large round structures that looked like oranges perhaps three meters in diameter. The sky was pale lilac, with small yellow clouds.
Later we came to a town with similar people, but now they were dressed in colorful flowing robes. Transport was carts or chariots drawn by large flightless birds. The road was gravel, but it had been smoothed. The sky was still pale lilac, with yellow clouds. The houses were built from polished stone blocks that looked like granite, with little sparkles everywhere. No one accosted us, so we continued on, accompanied by stares.
+++Prospero's card game
Starts out with Prospero playing cards with some sheep and some sharks. One of the sharks is a gangster (columbian drug cartel), the other is a vigilante who wants to kill the gangster. Prospero has to help out.
+++Poor deluded fool?
A photographer has visions of another shadow, thinks he is going mad.
+++The God Machine
Disk world, ring world, what ever. The device puts aside the personality, and allows the god within to surface. The gods built the universe, and faked all the prehistory.
+++Dannee God Slayer
A trio of young gods/demons decide to collect the head of Dannee God Slayer
+++The Soul Box
Sorcerer's soul is hidden in a soul box. There are two rival gods to whom he has bartered his soul. He is causing problems, and D & N must retrieve the soul box. Trap one demon inside the soul box, free the sorcerer, and banish the other demon. (See also Revenge of the Rose - M Moorcock)
+++The King Beyond the Gate (Prince of Shadows)
cf David Gemmel "The King Beyond the Gate"
D & N are crossing shadow when they come to a recently massacred village. A little further on they see smoke from a second village. There are also people crossing the fields toward the village, which seems odd. They hear hoofbeats, and the group go to ground. A woman carrying a small baby runs over a small rise, pursued by soldiers on horseback. She runs toward the group, who rise and stop her. Then 30 soldiers on horseback top the rise. When they spy the group their leader yells "Run them down!". The group is outnumbered (leader and female, 2nd male and female, plus 2 others - one a warrior priest or seer). D & N wade in, using guns and sorcery, and win the day.
Leader explains about the evil tyrant who is massacring the villagers. D & N elect to stay and help. At the village they save a smal girl who is dying.
Later then encounter a group of "Dark Templars" or Knights of Dark Renown (or Dark Paladins) who are there to assassinate the leader. They use sorcery to weaken the band, and produce great fear. "There is nothing to fear save fear itself! Fear is the mind killer, fear is the little death.Fear can give us wings!" D & N respond with sorcery and defeat them. One of the band warns that they will be back in greater numbers.
The band travels to the local capital, where they are mistaken for invading soldiers. A delegation of citizens marches out with their captured ruler, offering her to the "soldiers" in return for freedom. The rabble is surprised to discover the band are rebels, and the leaders of the loyal faction are captured/killed. Then there follows a readying of the town for attack by a legion of soldiers.
When the soldiers attack many of them die in trenches and ambushes. D & N walk through shadow to the hilltop where the general sits surrounded by his guards. He is captured, and the surrender is sounded. Later that evening there is a sorcerous attack by the dark templars, and there follows a dreaming battle.
The next day there is a council of war, and plans are made for the future. The tyrant still has to be deposed, but there are perhaps fifty thousand soldiers to be fought, plus a legion of beast men and a battalion of dark templars.
+++The Philosopher's Stone
(cf - Harry Potter & Philosopher's Stone)
The PS can turn base metal into gold, and water/wine into the elixir of life. A seemingly scholarly wizard searches for this, and in the process becomes prey to the Dark Lord. D & N must prevent the Dark Lord from producing the elixir of life and so making himself nearly immortal.
+++The Basilisk and the Book
(cf Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets)
A sorcerer has placed his soul into a blank book, which is bought as a diary. The book talks to the owner, and bewitches her into doing evil, unleashing a basilisk. The sorcerer's mind is imprisoned in the creature. His hope is to flee into the girl, but should the girl look into the eyes of the basilisk she will die - turned to stone. Yet the only way he knows of transferring his mind is to breath into a person, and a basilisk cannot close its eyes, because it has no eyelids. The sorcerer had hoped for immortality, but the result was the basilisk.
+++Prince Kadellin the Damned
Like gaynor/elric, with powers, immortal. Trying to establish rule of his owner across shadow. (Sadrik the Faceless - one of the chaos gods)
++Lortar the Reaver
Chaotic demigod, out to rule the world. His soul is in a soulbox, and he cannot be harmed.
+++Jengiz and Pet sorcerer
Jengiz has powerful sorcerer under control because his soul is inside a small cat. D & N must stop Jengiz and the sorcerer. Return soul to sorcerer, but he is then worse than Jengiz.
+++The War Amongst the Angels
The Angels/demigods/demons - factions like on earth, but they can see many planes at once. Part of the battle is to force the battle into a scenario where you have more chance of winning. Eg - cowboys and indians, beast master and so on.
+++scenario 1003
Exploring, they come across a wounded female (amerind) whom they carry on makeshift stretcher to her camp. Nalini uses a tongues spell, and danny finds his dagger can do the same for him. He discovers a shield spell, and teaches nalini, they stay with the amerinds for 3 weeks, during which time they are raided by other tribes and must fight them off. They are also attacked by whites.
Several years later, they will lead these tribes to another shadow away from the encroaching whites
+++scenario 1004
Staying at a castle, on an island and are attacked by hordes of savages from the mainland. They lead the island inhabitants to another shadow
+++scenario 1005
They are sent on a quest for 5 power objects:
1. the heart of ahriman
2. the hand of nergal
3. the eye of rohyn
4. the phallus of ossar
5. the horn of korwyl
+++scenario 1006
They search for 4 treasures (and power objects)
1.	the sword
2.	the spear
3.	the shield
4.	The cauldren
+++scenario 1007
Paula? is kidnapped by 'aliens', and they have to rescue her. These aliens want them to fetch some power items in exchange for freeing paula. A collar?
+++scenario 1008
Fin mac Morn persuades them to fetch some items for him.
+++scenario 1009
Walking across a seemingly peaceful scene, they are stunned with a stun gun, and taken prisoner. (Possible mech wars scenario, at least hi tech) They are stripped and interrogated separately. They escape with some of the prisoners, and then help them
+++scenario 1011
Walking across a city bridge, car accident. Three men get out of car which caused the accident, and attack female in other car.
+++Scenario 1012
Based on seven samurai - protect village from bandits
+++Scenario 1013
Based on mistworld, but maybe reversed?
+++Scenario 1014
Shadow of the borg - save civilization (lo tech) from them. NB - the group mind does emenate from a central computer, not a human. D & N can't be assimilated, but the group mind recognises them. D & N helped create the original mind millenia ago. (How can this be? Time is an illusion)
+++Scenario 1015
Dream warriors, conquering and asimilating sleepers.
+++Scenario 1016
Desert shadow of screaming hawk. Some similarities to australian aboriginals and the desert planet of andre norton (beast master). They are under attack from lizard men of another shadow. D & N utilitise the places of power against the attackers, and close down the main lizard men
+++Scenario 1017
Earth, lizard men have tracked down danny and nalini, and try to kill them.
+++Scenario 1018
Earth, terrorists have taken world leaders hostage. (Something like japanese embassy crisis in peru) D & N Secure the release without bloodshed.
+++Scenario 1019
Ice warriors, ice world. Breaking through into another shadow to conquer it, and freeze it into the bargain
+++Scenario 1020
Original iskandor scenario, development of the computer mind from which the borg develop.
+++Scenario 1021
With Korum to Tir Na N'ogth, where the first family of the first shadow are in disarray, striving to wrest the kingship with their father disappeared. They help redress the balance of order and chaos, and quieten things down.
+++Scenario 1022
World where the shadows are thin, and various parts of various shadows are stitched together. Sometimes the stitching changes. Power lines run through one shadow, but that shadow may by unreachable to normal humans because another one is interwoven, and appears as a shimmer. There are also holes where multiple shadows meet, spots of "color" that migrate, but where it is possible to travel to many shadows, or be destroyed. The various shadows are referred to as "ethers".
+++Scenario 1023
The various ethers from crowley's book, inhabited and visitable. There are also some creatures that migrate between the shadows
+++Scenario 1024
Cyborg city, where most people wear obvious pieces of hardware, and are linked.
+++Scenario 1025
Totalitarian regime like china or 1984
+++Scenario 1026
Coup attempt against amrik - cf conan the defender
+++Scenario 1027
20,000 leagues under the sea - d & n shift into a room, only to find they are on a submarine like the nautilus, and cannot shift off again because all surrounding shadows are water or submarine
