++Palomedes
Son of [Lucifer]
+++Aliases
[[#A Prince of shadow][Palomedes]] 
[[#Paul Conomos][Paul Conomos]] -- Gran Bretan Foreign Service, 
[[#Philip Cornelius][Philip Cornelius]]  -- [[Liz][Liz's]] boyfriend.
+++A Prince of shadow
 -- aligned with chaos, but banished.
Seated on the rock was a figure that seemed man--like, except for the small antlers that extended from his head. He was naked apart from a loin cloth, but his body was covered in sparse dark, curly hair. He was playing a pipe of some kind. I was surprised we hadn't heard his music earlier.
Seen close up, his cheeks were high, his nose bulbous, and his lips thick. His hairy body was muscular. 
Palomedes is a Chaos Creature, from the primary plane around the Pit of Chaos. He is quite ancient, but as you are aware, time flows at different rates in different shadows, and flows slowest at the poles. He was once numbered amongst the minor nobles, but he was rebellious by nature, and after many warnings he was banished from Chaos. 
He has had dealings with many of the disaffected from Order and Chaos, but seems to treat their aspirations as a game for his amusement. He will switch sides as it suits him. He is more Chaotic than Ordered, but he tends more toward good than evil. He is self serving, but will remain loyal to friends. He also has dealings with various Chaos Lords, hoping they will advance his case for re--instatement, and plays them off against each other.
He was once Herne the Hunter, with the legendary bow. He hunted down and killed the wild hunt, and this resulted in his banishment from chaos
+++Paul Conomos
 -- secret agent -- pale -- about 35
Works for the Foreign Service of Gran Bretan. (Spy or diplomat). He suggests we leave Austria and Talia and move to Gran Bretan and the city of Londin.
+++Philip Cornelius
 -- [[Liz][Liz's]] boyfriend -- brown, about 25
She meets him in dreaming first.
 A slender young man with dusky skin, round face, curly dark brown hair, tawny yellow eyes and bulbous nose and fleshy lips, a mixture of Greek and Middle Eastern. He was dressed in black baggy trousers tucked into black boots, a black belt with a silver buckle, a plain shirt of dark crimson, and a jacket in silvery gray.

--[[#Aliases][Aliases]]

