++Parallel worlds 
"We refer to parallel worlds as shadows, which implies they are cast by something. A realm is a set of shadows cast by something. There are physical realms and astral realms... did I say that before? It is difficult to visit other shadows in the physical body, but it is easy to visit their astral counterparts in dreaming. You and I have been visiting a number of shadows in several realms."
She grinned at me "I know you want to know what casts the shadows. This can get quite philosophical, so you are just going to have to accept things as I tell them. Don't try to learn these, I learned them by rote, but you don't need to.
"Firstly, in order to cast shadows, you need a substance or substrate for the shadows to be cast upon, and a source of light. That substance is the Mind of God, as is the light. There are a number of dimensions which combine to give the sources of the shadows. We believe that there is an infinite number of sources, but that we can perceive only a finite subset of them.
"One dimension is called the Great Bands. You can think of it as color, because it has seven components, like the colors of a rainbow. There may be more that we don't know about. A second dimension is called the Great Planes, and it has thirty six components that we know of. A third dimension is called the Great Houses, and it has seventy eight components that we know of. A fourth dimension is called the Four Elements or the Four Winds or even the Four Directions, simply because it has only four components. Don't confuse these dimensions with the normal three spatial dimensions plus time. They are different, but English doesn't have the words to talk about this.
"Now those components can combine in many different ways to give thousands of sources of shadow. Each source casts an infinity of shadows. To be strictly correct, a single source of shadows, plus its infinity of shadows, is a realm. One of the colors or great bands corresponds to our physical world. So only a subset can be reached in your physical body. Another color or great band relates to the astral world. A third color or great band relates to our spiritual body. I don't want to say too much in case I confuse you."
"I worked this out once. You multiply all the numbers out to get the combinations - there are 11,232 combinations in the physical world, and the same for each of the other colors. It's around seventy eight thousand all up. I can't say whether it's accurate or not, I expect it could actually be infinite. But remember, these are sources of shadow. Each casts an infinite number of shadows. Plus there are complications of flows between the sources, which cast their own mixed shadows. The eleven thousand sources are collectively referred to as the archetypes. They each represent powers that can be trafficked with, and some of them are undoubtedly in your myths and legends as gods and demigods."
