++Paula - Paula Noel
Shadow: [BrisbaneShadow]
Paula is tall and thin, being about five foot ten or about one hundred seventy seven centimeters tall, but only about one hundred twenty five pounds or fifty seven kilos. She was wearing faded blue jeans and a black T-shirt. She is a natural redhead, though at this time her hair was dyed black and cut pageboy style; her skin is milk pale and she has green eyes. She also has multiple earrings, a nose ring and a navel ring. [Danny] and [Nalini] often introduce her as Danny's sister to avoid awkward questions about why he has two female companions.
Paula wears a pistol on each hip, Lara Croft style, and carries two knives. She is good at throwing them. She does not carry a sword. 
Paula's lover is [Prospero], whom she met in [Erehwon002] "The Shadow of the Serpent".
Her *colors* are black, silver, red.
She has first dan black belt, practicing for her second.
+++Background
Paula met [Danny] when she joined his karate class at about 11. He was black belt and 23. At 14 she developed a crush on him, at 16 he told her his fiancee -- [CarolW] was diagnosed with terminal cancer, and she died within the year. Danny would pour out his heart to Paula, and she grew up quickly. They became close, and began hanging out together. Because of the age difference, neither wanted to take things further. Paula even stated "Boyfriends come and go, but brother is for ever"
The karate club organized ski trips every winter; Paula started going on them at 12. By 15 she was going on trips Danny's friend Josh organized because she was friends with his youngest sister Sarah
When she was 19, Danny had a skiing holiday booked with his girlfriend Ros, but she split before the holiday came round. Paula convinced him to take her, they went for 2 week's skiing and shared a double bed. No sex though.
+++Stories 
In [Erehwon002] "The Shadow of the Serpent" Danny becomes the person to initiate Paula into the practice of energy sharing and balancing via sex -- but this is only for the specific training (4 sessions).

