++The Raven
Also known as Red Raven. Often seen in the form of a large Raven the color of fresh arterial blood. He is Durathror's mentor
+++Human Form
His skin was coppery red, he wore a simple loin cloth that consisted of two flaps of red leather, one front, the other back. His hair was long and straight, the color of fresh blood, and hung to his shoulders. His eyes were dark. Around each calf a thong of red leather had been tied, with seven red feathers attached. Similar thongs were tied to his wrists. A complicated device hung on his chest: a hoop with netting spread over it, red feathers and colored stones tied here and there. His arms were spread like the wings of a bird, and in his left hand he held a small drum made from the skull of an animal over which red skin had been stretched tautly, while in his right he held a small bleached bone into which red markings had been incised.
He waggled his left hand and the drum made a noise like a rattle snake, then he brought both arms together in a sweeping movement to play a rapid timpany on the drum with the bone. He stopped suddenly and stared, his eyes the piercing stare of a raven.
+++Other Details
His consort is the [[Morrigan][Mor Riganu]] (or Raven Queen)
In human form he has no aura, because he is one of the luminous dragons from the region of the summer stars (dream of the archetype)
+++His Appearance
A man with hair the colour of fresh arterial blood. It was cut pageboy style, and hung to his shoulders, with one braid at his left temple that ended in three red feathers. His eyebrows were the same colour. His eyes were dark. He was dressed in a puffy sleeved, silk shirt the colour of blood, a pair of baggy linen trousers of a similar colour, and bucket topped red leather boots. There was a gold hoop in his left ear, and a gold chain around his neck supporting a ruby he size of a hen's egg. This man was called Red Raven, or the Raven King, he was Mifunwi's husband, mentor to Durathror and many males of the Viharani. That meant he was also our mentor. Mifunwi was the Raven Queen, and mentor to many of the Viharani women.
+++His Story
"Because I am THE Red Raven. I am the Raven King." He cocked his head to one side just like a bird. "Back in the Dreamtime, a long, long time ago, there were no ravens. Some of the Wild Hunt were after me, for a long time they hunted me. From one end of the world to the other they hunted me. Finally, one of them struck me with a spear, and my blood fell like rain. But I am a magical being, my blood is magical. Every drop became a blood red raven. Together we attacked my enemies and destroyed them.
"But my enemies were magical beings too. Their blood would have birthed monsters. My ravens drank up their blood, every last drop. The blood of my enemies was black. All the ravens who drank it found their feathers turned black. To this day, all ravens are black, except for me, the Raven King, and my queen, who is the White Raven, or White Death."
"Hah! The maelstrom of chaos birthed me as a red raven. That was back in the Dreamtime, long before humans walked the earth. There is no why to my form, only that it was. You would have to ask the Dreamer if it had a reason."
"How long ago was this?" Saodat asked, disbelief on her face.
"Beats me." Red Raven shook his head, smiling. "Time moves differently in every shadow. Besides, I was born in the Dreamtime. That was yesterday and a hundred billion years ago, and any time in between."
"What do you mean by the Dreamtime?" Saodat continued.
"I know you think I'm making this up. I'm not! The Dreamtime was when the story started. The Archetype, the Dreamer, dreamed the creation story, and the first beings came into existence. Almost everything they did was an act of creation. That is why I am Red Raven, the Raven King. I dreamed the ravens into being."
"You mean you've been around since the world was created?"
"No! The Dreamtime was before the world was created. I was there in the Dreamtime."

