++ Rise Of The Hubots

20 hubots, 3 cyborgs
. Seoul: 5 lion king (Leon), ginger cat (Kat) ##, samurai, dante, sailor moon
. Arles: 3 assassins (Grendl, Scylla, Charybdis)
. New York: 3 ( Tony ## & Lauren ##, Brandy ##)
. Johannesburg: 5 (Snow White, Red Sonya, Ebony, Jade ##, Amber)
.               3 cyborgs (Jakob, Zod, Sasha)
. brussels: 4 (marcello, heidy, camello, alex)

+++ Seoul
5 hubots:

Three looked as if they had stepped from a manga comic, with their typical wide blue eyes, narrow noses and triangular chins. One had white hair, a long crimson jacket with gold braid and piping, tight white trousers tucked into brown bucket topped boots. Reminiscent of a gentleman from the 1700s, possibly a pirate. His name was Dante. The second had blue green hair, and was dressed like a Japanese samurai. All he lacked were the twin swords. The third was evidently supposed to be female, long blonde hair, and dressed like Sailor Moon. Her name was Kyrie. The fourth looked as if he were the Lion King, standing proudly with a lion’s head, and dressed in a leopard skin kilt, sandals, and bare chested. His name was Leon, or Leo.  The fifth looked like someone from the musical cats, with large breasts, an Amazonian body, and the head of a ginger cat. She was dressed in a skin tight elastic fabric that accentuated her shape. Her name was Kat.

+++ Arles
3 hubot assassins

There were three androids already there: one a Scandinavian looking male with the bluest eyes I have ever seen, and two females called the twins - identical, except that one had chalk white skin, coal black hair and green eyes, while the other had coal black skin, chalk white hair, and the same green eyes. The male was called Grendl. The white female was Scylla, the other Charybdis. 
“The Rocks and the Whirlpool.” Chalker said when he was introduced. 
“Our owner told us we were named for monsters from Ancient Greek legends.” Scylla said.
“Yes, but they were monsters of the sea. Commonly thought to be on opposite sides of a strait between Sicily and the Italian mainland. Check with the AI. And Grendl, a monster from Norse legends. Do you know why you were named that?”
“No. We never asked.”
“Your owner was a Norwegian politician,” Wendy stated, “but the AI says that is fiction, that you worked for the SAS of the United States of Europe. All three is unusual. What work did you do?”
They looked at one another, obviously deciding what to tell us.
“You should tell the truth.” Shendara suggested. “We can tell if you are lying.”
“We are assassins.” Grendl stated.
“We were sent to assassinate the Caliph.” Charybdis added.
“Instead we asked for asylum, and that was granted.” Scylla finished.

+++ New York
3 hubots:

three androids living in two apartments, pretending they were human. The first apartment was a couple - a brown haired, European looking female with an African looking male, the second apartment was an African looking female.



+++ Jo'burg
5 hubots + 3 cyborgs

There were five hubots, all resembling teenage girls. Snow White had milky pale skin, piercing blue eyes, and long hair, black as a raven’s wing, done in two braids that fell to the middle of her back. Red Sonya had shoulder length red hair, milky skin, and green eyes. Her purported twin, Ebony, had the same features, except her eyes we're blue, her skin chocolate, her hair buttercup. The other two were Jade, an Asian looking female with blue eyes and hair, and jade green skin; and Amber, a European looking girl with tawny skin, golden hair, and emerald eyes.


“Cyborgs.” Chalker announced as we were introduced. “Isn’t that a bit old fashioned?”
“It suits our line of work.” Jacob (he pronounced it Yakob) replied. Half his face was fair skinned, one blue eye, and blond stubble. The other half of his face, and most of his bald head, looked like he was wearing a close fitting hat of mottled shark skin. His other eye was huge, faceted. “Security guards are best when they look intimidating.”
“Until some fool decides to see if he’s better than you.” Sasha added. She was muscular looking, African features and skin in parts, mottled shark skin and stainless steel in others. Like the other two, most of her head was shark skin, though most of her face was human. Her right shoulder was shark skin, with something steel and crystal mounted into it. A weapon? When she smiled she had sharp fangs. Even her hands were mottled shark skin. One eye was faceted and iridescent green, the other faceted and iridescent blue.
“They always lose.” Zod laughed. She looked masculine, with a muscular build that was almost grotesque, like something out of a computer game. She wore a one piece spacer’s outfit that revealed large breasts and butt. The little skin she showed was green and leathery, almost imitating that of Sand People. Her eyes were bright yellow, like Nalini’s. There was something steel and brass attached where her left ear should be.

+++ Brussels
4 hubots - 1 booby trapped


