++Saodat
*shadow:* [SaodatShadow]
First met in [[Erehwon007][Demon Thy Name Is Human]]. She is a captain in the Sreinye army - Heavy infantry, wearing powered armor. She belongs to the Sreinye Bears, and wears the mask of a snarling bear.
+++Description
She has a slavic face, long nose, high cheek bones and dark eyes, with a shock of short coppery red hair. There is a tattoo of a snarling bear on her left cheek. She looks about thirty. She is tall and muscular, but wiry.
Height: 5'9" or 175cm - A cup
Age:    34, but looks about 30
Muscles are wiry. She is almost twice as strong as a strong human, can leg press about 920kg, and her reflexes are 90% faster. She can stop bleeding of some wounds, and heals faster than normal. She held up her hand, flexed them a little, and blades about two centimeters long slid out of her finger tips. "Surgical steel specially hardened and sharpened." She has night vision and can see in the infrared to some extent. "I have embedded computer hardware that interfaces to my nervous system and brain. That's how I can make the suit work, but I could use it for other purposes."
_Note_ Initially she does not shave armpits. After living with Danny and Nalini for a while, she copies Nalini and waxes most of it (brazilian, but with landing strip)
+++The Armor
The suit has a computer, it jacks directly into my brain - there's a socket behind my ear. If I direct my hand to move like so, the computer directs the suit to follow exactly. It amplifies my own force, so I can pick up an egg, or crush your skull. I am about twelve times stronger than human. It takes training to use that strength so you don't crush the egg or drop it.
Normal weight of the armor is about 80kg, plus weapons etc. In the field this could be 200kg. Saodat was carrying only 120kg. The suit has a recording system that records all telemetry for several hours.
When we are in armor, they give us drugs to speed us up even more, and help us not feel pain. The side effects can make us jittery and aggressive. 
She seemed to be able to shift from comrade in arms to vampy flirt and back again within the space of a couple of sentences. Maybe that was how she got along with all the male soldiers in her company.
"I'd flirt with the boys off duty, and mother them a bit, but I'd never let them feel me up or anything like that, and on duty it was always business. Comrade in arms as you put it. I think they called me a ball breaking lesbian behind my back, but they'd beat the crap out of anyone else who said that."
"I think they would follow me anywhere. They know I don't expect any more from them than I expect from myself, and they know I'd get them back safely if it was at all possible. You've a bit of that too you know."
 
+++[PatternOfTheFourElements]
The gem in the hilt of my dagger contained a complicated pattern of lines, spheres and swirls. Nalini’s was a mirror image of mine. I felt Elanor’s mind touch mine. Her necklace contained a pair of patterns that were the reverse of mine and Nalini’s, creating a pattern with four corners when matched with ours. <<We need one more anchor.>> Elanor thought to us. <<Saodat, you should join us, take this half of my pattern.>>
If we were four corners, or four winds as it felt to me, then I was the west, [Nalini] the south, [Elanor] the east, and Saodat the north. Four winds, four corners, four pillars, creating a sacred space, inside a circle. We pushed the circle outwards, creating a sandy beach with warm water, islands reminiscent of the Adriatic, low white cliffs, rolling hills behind, blue sky with fluffy white clouds, and a pink sun, because Saodat wanted something different. There were four stone pillars marking out a square set in the sand. One pillar was actually in the water.

+++[Erehwon008]
Saodat is trained by [Nalini] and [Danny] to raise her [Kundalini]. During this, both Saodat and Nalini become pregnant. Nalini - Phoebe (yellow eyes), Saodat - Chloe (Black hair, blue eyes)
