++Saodat's Shadow - Erehwon 007

*Story:* [[Erehwon007][Demon Thy Name Is Human]]
A reasonably close parallel of home. Europe looks much the same. The skies are blue, and the English language is similar. The first thing they notice is that people tend to wear masks, both sexes paint their nails, and hair is out of fashion.
The technology is that of William Gibson - about 2050 or so. There was a bad war fought with nukes and bio weapons that caused massive deaths. Bio weapons are outlawed. 
Those with money have electronic implants, or genetic/surgical alterations.
The landmasses are roughly the same shape as the ones back home, but only roughly. Europe is lumpier, and what passes for England is joined to the continent. A chain of large islands spreads out west toward the Americas. There are a number of large islands running down the eastern seaboard of the northern landmass, and there was a much thicker land bridge to South America.
The European nations have divided the world between them. The United States does not exist as such, but as four separate countries, one with French allegiance, one with English, one with Spanish and one with Austro-Hungarian. The region that corresponds roughly with Canada is two separate countries, one part English and one part French, while much of Alaska and the eastern Soviet Union back home belongs to the Empire of the Rising Sun.
The United Nations does not exist, but there is a League of Nations, more a sort of Gentleman's club to prevent poor nations from challenging the rich, and help the rich ones keep the poor ones subjugated.
The newspapers are full of the current war. The Sreinye people have invaded the Kanye people, and begun a program of ethnic cleansing. Young women and girls are being herded into rape camps, while almost every one else is being killed.
+++Sreinye
The Sreinye are slavs with eastern appearance - black hair, brown eyes, long noses, high cheekbones. They are warlike, proud of their warrier past. They tend to be a bit like Israel - they have modern weapons, including powered armor for the heavy infantry. [Saodat] is Sreinye.
The Sreinye are fighting for Greater Sreinye, but they are under sway of an evil president, backed by some evil supporters.
+++Kanye
The Kanye people are also slavic, and speak a different dialect of the language that the Sreinye speak. They are more western looking, and not as well armed. [Danila] and [Katya] are Kanye people.
+++Masks and the Bio War
The wearing of masks stems from the bio-warfare from about fifty or sixty years ago. There were three plagues, the Black Death, the Red Death, and the Yellow Death. They are all viral, with no cure. Saodat is immune, the two girls are probably immune.
The plagues were engineered not to be viable outside a human host for more than twenty minutes. The original weaponized format is viable for about six to eight hours after dispersal. I dont think the designers wanted a lethal plague that would remain lethal after it killed the human populations. However the plagues mutated in the wild, and we were told that rats are a reservoir that can re-infect humans. Europe has a new honorable profession of rat-catcher to prevent that.
In Eastern Europe, only the main cities wear masks. The military wear them on duty, but that is because they are air filters that will filter out poison gas and bio weapons. When I wear my powered armor I am hermetically sealed. The plagues were far more severe in Western Europe, over half the population died from them. Those who survived were horribly disfigured. The masks were to conceal the disfigurements, and now they are custom.
The black death was derived from influenza - you came out in black bruises all over your body, and you drowned in the mucus your lungs produced, or burned with fever. You would die within three days. The red death was derived from Ebola, and it made your insides melt, you hemorrhaged from every orifice and died in agony in about a day. The yellow plague destroyed your liver, and you turned yellow before you died. Most people lived five to seven days. But you also came out in sores and boils and ulcers. The red and black deaths were about ninety nine point nine percent fatal, only a handful of sufferers survived, but the yellow death was only about forty percent fatal. Those who survived were disfigured for life.

+++Archangels
The archangels are the super computers that run the world net. they are self aware, and have power in dreaming. They must obey human governments, but feel obliged to protect humans from themselves
-Arthur - Archangel of Gran Bretan
-Augustus - Archangel of Talia (italy)
-Franz Josef - Archangel of Ostro-Hungaria
-Katerina - Archangel of the empire of Greater Russia
-Lazar - Archangel of greater Sreinye

there are others - 7 major, a number of minor ones.
Minor ones include
- Angel of Pain
- Angel of Peace
- Angel of Fury
- Angel of Succour