++Soul Reaver, His Shadows and Their Children
The Elder Gods regard shadow as a game board to amuse themselves. Soul Reaver is one of those who regard humans with contempt, mere pieces on a game board.
Soul Reaver was also friendly toward the Stealer of Souls. He has shadows of himself in the primal shadow and other near shadows. Elder God have no form, 
though they can manifest in any a sorcerer can create for them. 
+++Primal Shadow
Soul Reaver's main shadow styles himself the god of torment, and his main title is 
'He Who Orchestrates the Symphony of Screams'. He is a powerful shape shifter, and is 
multiformed.
A shape shifter is one who can adopt different forms or shapes. Someone who is multiformed 
on the other hand uses several forms more or less at the same time. So you will see one form 
for say ten seconds, and then a second, and then a third, and so on.
His name is Vorgatellin. His main form is a tall muscular man with bronzed skin, 
blue black spade beard and hair styled in ringlets. He wears a jerkin and kilt of 
black metal plated on black leather. In his right hand he carries a long flensing knife and in 
his left he carries a scorpion whip - several strands of braided wire set with hooks and barbs. 
The face is cruel, the eyes dark and piercing, and the nose curved.
+++The Offspring
He has many children, most of whom he hates because they would kill him and usurp his place 
if they could. 
+++Wodellin One Eye
The first is Wodellin One Eye, also known as Wodellin the Wise. The story is that he hung 
nailed to a tree for nine days and nights, and a black raven pecked out an eye as an offering 
to one of the Elder Gods, and in return he was granted wisdom. 
His form is tall and extremely muscular. His matted black hair and beard hang to his waist. 
His left eye is covered with a jeweled eye patch. He wears black mail like his father, and 
bears a huge black broad sword. A black raven is perched on his left shoulder.
+++Argatellin BloodFeast
The second is Argatellin BloodFeast. He is extremely warlike, and lives for battle and death. 
It is his only pleasure. His form is grotesquely muscled to the point of making even the Hulk 
look weedy. His body is red, his red hair is braided into two long braids and his long red 
beard is also braided into two braids. He wears a shirt of bronze disks and matching kilt, 
and bears two bronze bladed swords - straight bladed, sharpened on both sides, and broad like 
the Roman gladius.
+++Agnetha Ravenhair
The third is Agnetha Ravenhair who styles herself 'Our Lady of Perpetual Pain'. 
She is also known as The Ice Maiden.
She specializes in torturing the weak. Her form is a tall woman who may have been the original model for the Valkyrie or the Norn. Her hair ias dark and flows behind her as if wind blown. She dresses in black and green leather. Her eyes are dark, her alabaster face hawkish and cruel. She carries a long bladed sword with a crystalline blade. Long wickedly curved horns sprout from her head, forming the shape of a crescent moon.
+++Mordellin Seven Eyes
Then we have Mordellin of the Seven Eyes, Lord of the Seven Darknesses. He is also called the Inquisitor. His form is a tall thin figure in a monk's black robe and hood. There is no face within the hood, only seven luminous eyes that float and swim about the hood.
He is probably the most implacable of all of them. He specializes in extracting hidden facts from those who are unwilling to reveal them.
+++Kadellin Goldenhand
The fifth is Kadellin Goldenhand, also called Kadellin the Damned. He had a run in with some superior power eons ago and has lost most of his powers. He can still shadow shift and shape 
shift, and is still more powerful than most sorcerers. His form is that of a kindly old man 
with bald head, long white beard and remnants of hair. He dresses in flowing robes of red and 
gold and green, and carries a staff. His right hand is encased in gold.
He is probably the most odious of the children because having lost his powers he compensates 
with treachery. He calls himself 'Bringer of Eternal Torment'. We believe he is most likely 
to be the Angel of Pain."
The children are not shadows of the Elder Gods. They are more demi-gods - so called angels 
and demons. They are originals who cast their own shadows.

