++Tarantia
*Shadow:* [Aquilonia Shadow]
Tarantia is the capital of [Aquilonia]. It is situated like Rome on seven hills on the northern and western bank of the Tarantella River, near the mouth. It is a port city. People claim the river is safe to drink, the city is situated far enough back from the sea so that the water is still fresh, and the river teams with fish. However, the city water comes from the mountains fifty miles to the east, conveyed from there on four huge aqueducts. The mountains themselves are extinct volcanoes, the tallest has permanent snow cover. There is a huge crater lake from which the city water is drawn, this lake is fed both by melting snows and underground springs. The aqueducts are engineering marvels standing many hundreds of meters above ground, high enough that the water can be conveyed to the palace cisterns on the hill. Three of the city's hills are also extinct volcanoes, and their craters are used as holding dams for the water from the aqueducts. 
The castle is on a low hill overlooking the docks. It is the oldest building in the city, and once boasted a huge wall. The castle has been extended many times, and now has a number of different architecture styles. Most of the old wall has been reused for building material, and what is left of the wall now surrounds the castle garden. The old basalt and granite has been white washed, covered with stucco, or plastered and painted. Most of it is white, with roman style arches and colonnades, but other areas have small high arrow slits. Newer parts have been built with bricks or pink sandstone cut from some cliffs upstream. There are four square, whitewashed towers with green copper pyramidal roofs. Once they stood at the four corners of the castle walls, but now the castle extends beyond them, and they are accompanied by a round spire with a domed cupola of green copper. Most of the older part of the castle is roofed with gray slate, while most of the new part is roofed with red tile. 
Around the hill are the larger houses belonging to some of the nobles. Every noble has a country estate somewhere outside Tarantia, but many have a mansion with expansive grounds situated in Tarantia. Others are along the north shore, overlooking the wide bay where many ships can anchor, while others are along the south and eastern banks of the river. Those on the further bank entail a ferry ride to reach the city, so they tend to belong to those nobles who do not frequent the city proper or the court. 
There is also a small spring that bubbles up inside the castle walls, which could have been used in times of siege, but this is not sufficient to supply enough drinking water for the palace staff, let alone the fountains or water the extensive gardens that are there now. 
Below the large houses of the nobility stretch streets of shops, smaller houses of the middle classes, and houses of some of the more famous artisans. This is the old city, which has its own wall almost three meters high. The old city extends around the hill, and down to the dock, where the thieves quarters are, mixed in with mean hovels and fortified warehouses, and out around the other six hills. Once the wall was meant to defend the city, but now buildings built up to and sometimes over the wall. The gates still stand, but they are always open. On the outside of the walls are the meaner dwellings of the poorer people, some large houses in secluded areas, and the general overflow of the city. 
Around the better areas, the streets are wide and paved, there are squares with fountains, floral gardens and statues. Most of the buildings are white stone or white washed brick, many with red terracotta tile roofs. Some of the more expensive ones have green copper roofs, while older or poorer buildings have slate roofs. An army of street sweepers is employed to keep the streets reasonably clean. The fact that horses are the main transport means that there is tons of horse shit on the streets that has to be cleaned daily. The same king who introduced the bathing law addressed some of this by banning horses from many of the streets, and banning people from dropping litter. These bans are still in force.
