+The Seven Crystal Forms
With few exceptions, all [crystals] will form in one of the seven basic formats. One notable exception is opal which is amorphous (without shape).
++1. Cubic
A crystal in which the 3 axes are of equal length and at right angles to one another. The shapes form cubes, octohedrons (2 pyramids joined at the base), and dodecahedron (12 squares forming a 3d object). Good examples are table salt, galena, pyrite and garnet.
Stones in this formation are fundamental in nature, oriented toward the earth plane. They deal with bulky problems, and things of a cumbersome nature. They are associated with the base chakra (number 7)

++2. Hexagonal
A crystal with 4 axes. Three are in a plane, separated by 120 degrees. The fourth is at right angles, and somewhat elongated. The shape forms 2 six sided pyramids joined at the base. Beryl and apatite are good examples of this form.
These stones are more complex than number 1, but they are still simple formations. They possess the ability to give off vitality that helps other forms of life. They encourage growth of other properties. They are associated with the solar plexus chakra (number 5)
++3. Tetragonal
A crystal with 3 axes. There are 2 equal axes at right angles in a plane, and a third at right angles to the plane that is longer than the the others. They form octahedrons (2 pyramids joined at the base). Zircon is an example of this form.
These stones are balancing, since they both give and receive energy. They tend to absorb negative energies and emit positive energies, which makes them "transmuting crystals". They correspond to the heart chakra (number 4)
++4. Orthorhombic
A crystal with three axes at right angles to one another, but each with a different length. They tend to form a shape that looks like two truncated pyramids joined at the base. Olivine and staurolite are examples of this form.
These stones are encircling or enveloping. They envelop energies and contain them. They are good for isolating and containing problems until they can be dealt with. However, a problem that is contained ''should'' be dealt with once it is understood. These stones correspond with the throat chakra (number 3)
++5. Monoclinic
A crystal with three axes - 2 in a plane are not orthogonal, the third is at right angles to the plane of the other 2. They tend to form columnar shapes with 8 sides and 2 more at each end. Gypsum, epidote and mica are examples of this form.
These stones have a pulsating action, and are fundamental to the life forces and growth. They are associated with the ajna chakra (number 2)
++6. Triclinic
A crystal with three unequal axes, none of which are at right angles to any other. The tend to form cuboid shapes, where the edges of the cube are angled planes. Rhodonite and feldspar are examples of this form.
These stones act as completers, and are considered to allow access to the totality of oneself. They are associated with the crown chakra (number 1). They promote understanding, and making whole.
++7. Trigonal
A crystal with 4 axes, 3 in a plane, similar to hexagonal (number 2). They tend to form six sided columns with flat ends, or box shapes (Rhomboid). Tormaline and corundum are examples of this form.
These stones give off energy but do not absorb. They act as chanels, and are more focused and sharper. They are associated with the hara chakra (number 6), and work to shape the form of energy. They promote sexual energy and can interact with the [Kundalini].
