++ Time Line George

 * Ottoman turks invaded Greece from about 1460 to about 1571, and controlled it until 1821
 * 1730 circa	[Melody] is 5. Her parents are killed by Sidhe. A flock of red ravens protect her and other children. She goes to live with her aunt.
 * 1740 circa Baron Samedi [BaronSamedi] is enslaved by the Spanish
 * 1744 circa the baron escapes, becomes a pirate 
 * 1749 circa the baron becomes an english privateer 
 * 1760 circa Baron Samedi comes to England, meets Fafnir, and becomes a vampire
 * 1780 [George] is born in a village in Greece.
 * 1790 circa	Melody has married, 2 grown up sons, 3yo daughter. Sidhe raiders come. husband flees with daughter. Melody is captured, tortured and raped for three days before a white dire wolf rescues her. Her aunt, manifesting Mor Rhiganu [MorRhiganu]. The Sidhe are stripped of their powers and made mortal. Melody goes to live with her aunt, raises daughter
 * 1808 circa	Melody and husband divorce.
 * 1811-may	George becomes a vampire. Age 31 his family have been killed by Turkish raiders.
 * 1820 circa	Melody moves to Britain, has another daughter with a Fae lover.
	George makes his way through the Balkans
 * 1830 circa	George is in Austro Hungarian Empire
 * 1850 circa	Melody goes to America
 * 1860 circa	Melody goes to Paris. George goes to Paris
 * 1880 circa	Melody goes to London
 * 1881-1884	George studied medicine at the university of Paris, also known as La Sorbonne, in 1881. He was in the English Natione, which also admitted people from england, germany (where George appeared to be from) and eastern europe.
	George also studies Savage fighting.
 * 1903 circa	George moves to London, where he works as a doctor, and studies self defence called la Canne - using a walking stick, a discipline invented by Pierre Vigny, and taught by him in London.
 * 1950s Melody trained as a chef in Paris
 * 1978-08-15	[Fleur] supposedly born.
 * 1987-09	Fleur and [George] meet.
 * 1988-07	Fleur goes to school, meets [Melody]
 * 1997-aug	Fleur and Melody start at uni. Fleur does IT, Melody does accounting 
 * 2000-nov	George encounters [Larissa]. The events of Vigilante take place.
 * 2001-aug	George takes in [Michael] as a housemate. Michael is a werewolf. [Susan] moves in not long after.
 * 2002-oct	The events of Black Prince take place. The [BlackPrince] is destroyed.
 * 2004-??	George, Michael, Susan, Fleur and Melody migrate to Australia. Fleur is 26, looks 19 
 * 2005 april	George meets [Danny] and [Nalini]
 * 2005 june	George walks the pattern, and becomes Fae rather than human / vampire. Also, George discovers that [Danila] was his wife Ana, and Katya was his daughter Loukia
 * 