++The United Planets Federation
We first encountered this shadow in the story "Ghosts in the Machine" ([Erehwon 003] - Blue). We made friends with [Geeta],[Horrja], [Benji], [Dorfer] and have been back to visit a few times. She complains that her life hasn't been the same since she met us.
+++General
About the year 2315, Interstellar travel is common. A typical starship can accelerate at about 100 gravities, which means it can make light speed in three and a bit days. A fraction below true light speed is tunnel effect speed, where the ship tunnels through the light barrier to the other side. This means nearby stars are available, but the range is limited by time.
|Distance in LY |Days Travel |Weeks | Months| 
|4.5 |140 |20| 4.5|
|10 |210 |30| 7|
|25 |330 |47| 11| 
|40 |420 |60| 14| 
|80 |627** |90| 21| 
|100 |735** |105| 25| 
|200 |1260** |180| 42| 
|1000 |5440** |182| 16| 
There are restrictions on just how fast the starship can travel and still navigate - about 70 times the speed of light. This represents an effective radius of 40 LY, after which the ship must coast for a time. Beyond this travel times increase into years so 80 light years is the practical limit, where the starships take nearly 2 years to cross the distance.
There are a number of colonized planets, and a few with original inhabitants. ?? Tucan 6 has a race of blue skinned people with feathered crests and 4 arms who are otherwise close to humans. (They can have sex, though they cannot breed)
A second race resembles preying mantises about 4 meters long. They are probably around the 1700s with regard to technology.
There are some 20 colonies spread throughout the region, some entirely human, some mixed humans and vendls.
+++United Planets Federation
The United Planets Federation is like the governing council of our collective civilisation. There’s five races represented, plus the AI. By convention, each settled world, and any habitats in orbit around it, are run by their own council. That council sends representatives to the United Planets Federation. It tries to ensure a consistency in laws across all the planets, consistency in policies. Each planet in the solar system, for example, has its own government. Terra is a bit of a mess, because it has nations that make up the so called World Government of Terra. They call it World Government, everyone else calls it the Terran Government, or the Terran Council. Saturn has its own council, here on this space station. There are a number of small space stations and settlements and outposts on moons, but we are all under the Saturn Council. Mars has its own council, Luna has its own council. There is a council for Jupiter, and several for the settled asteroids in the belt, and one for Neptune, which covers the small space stations around Uranus and the settlements in the Kuiper Belt and Oort Cloud. Some of them will probably want independence as they grow. Most of them are humans, and most of the outposts owe allegiance to Terra. Luna, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn are large settlements now, that started as Terran colonies that broke away. Terra is not popular among them.
“That’s not quite right, captain.” Benji remarked. “Humans all have a soft spot for Terra, it’s our motherworld, but Mars and Luna fought wars of independence hundreds of years ago, so they have a love hate relationship with Terra.”
“Very well, I cannot speak for the former Terran colonies. When we came here, Saturn was a small human outpost. We built this station, and settled here. We offered all the humans the opportunity to join the United Planets Federation. The former colonies of Terra joined, and then Terra joined. Since then, Humans have travelled to nearby stars, and started settlements on some planets. The Terran Council wants to control the Solar system, and by inference, all the Human colonies, including the ones in other star systems. That cannot be, each settlement is a member of the United Planets Federation.”
Benji was shaking her head. “A lot of people on Terra are very parochial. They see space travel in terms of colonies on other planets. They think they need to find a star with a habitable planet, and colonise that, and even terraform it. They were arguing about terraforming Mars until you Tukani arrived. And they think every colony should owe allegiance to the homeworld.”
“Benji is right.” Horrja said. “We build habitats. Most stars are suitable - as long as they are not too variable. Every planet has a debris disk, and planets. Sometimes a planet or moon is suitable for building a settlement, it is less costly that way, but a habitat can be built from the material in the debris disk, it needs sunlight plus an energy source. The Terrans wonder if we are trying to take over their world, when we do not need it, or any of their colonies. When we first visited this system, there was a small scientific outpost orbiting around Saturn. As Geeta said, we built this habitat as a space port, using material from the Oort cloud. There are some of our peoples” she indicated herself and Geeta, “on the Terra, a political delegation I think, and there are a number of us on Luna and Mars. Part of me would like to visit Terra, but we’ve seen its wonders in VR, we don’t need to go there.”
“This is probably a good point to bring up Terra’s attitude to you two.” Geeta said. “The Terran government tries to claim jurisdiction over all humans, everywhere. No one outside of Terra pays much attention to that. However, in the initial report, you said you were from Earth, and the Terran government claimed you as theirs. They also claimed Chalker, though he is Martian. When it was revealed that you were from a parallel world, you caused something of a major upset throughout the federation. Scientists everywhere want to question you about what you know. You are the first hard evidence that other universes exist. Chalker’s warp drive provides a mechanism to reach them. But I don’t know what Terra knows about you. There was nothing about your powers in any reports.”
“I guess we can answer questions, though we don’t like the idea of Terra, or anyone for that matter, being in a position to invade parallel worlds. Most of them are less technologically advanced than here; they’d be a walkover.”
“We don’t like the idea either, but what can we do?” Geeta replied. “The knowledge of parallel worlds is out, as is the existence of the warp drive. Knowing it can be done, people will find a way to make it happen. We can’t guarantee your safety if you should travel to Terra. They might kidnap you, I said that earlier. You’re safe here, you should be safe on Mars or Luna or anywhere else, except Terra. Now, your status. Since you are from a parallel world, you were not officially a citizen of anywhere. The AI decided it was like you had just been born - you could choose to adopt the citizenship of ship you were born on, or your port of arrival. The council agreed, and you are officially citizens of Saturn Station. If you prefer, you could become citizens of Mars, since the ship we tried to salvage was officially from Mars. As a citizen of this space station, you have an apartment and a stipend. You can check with the AI about all your rights and obligations.
+++Star Systems
The AI answered. “There are seventeen star systems with habitats. That includes the three homeworld systems, and the three systems with intelligent life but no space flight. The Tukani have three colony worlds, one around the home star system. The colonies are essentially habitats; they were established before building habitats had developed.  The Terrans have colonies on Luna, Mars and Ceres, plus several small habitats - the L5 habitat at a Lagrange point between Terra and Luna, and one orbiting Venus, one orbiting Jupiter. The Tukani have one orbiting Jupiter and one orbiting Saturn. The Terrans have two colony worlds - one at Tau Ceti, a Sol like star, and one at M2.180, a red dwarf. Both have been abandoned in favour of habitats. The planets are not suitable. The best estimates of population of the seventeen star systems are between nine hundred billion and one trillion people.”
 
+++Government
Earth has one Government - United States of Earth. Each planet and separate base in the solar system is united in the Solar Federation. The discovered and colonized planets are members of the United Planets Federation.
+++Geeta
[Geeta] is the captain of a salvage ship working out of Saturn Station. 
+++Saturn Station
This is a mega size space station from which all the interstellar flights left and arrived. There is a fixed population of about half a million people, with a transient population of almost one million. The station orbits the planet Saturn. It is the main settlement for Saturn, and the seat of the Government of Saturn. [E003_firstContact]

+++Earth
Nations no longer exist. Instead the various nations are states of The United States of Earth. Earth is the dominant member of the Solar Federation.
+++Mars
There are many cities under large domes, and a few built into cliffs or underground. Mars has a large population of around 50 million people.
+++Luna
The oldest colony, it is still the port for interplanetary flights. Interstellar flights now all leave from Saturn Station. Luna is resentful of this.
+++ ?? Tucan 6
Geeta's home world. Lighter gravity than earth, but earth like, though with more water amd smaller land masses. Pale green skies and red leafed vegetation. They have the similar technology to the Sol Federation, who borrowed some of it. They were building interplanetary ships when earth was colonizing Luna. They took it apart and improved it by the time the Solar Federation sent people. 
Their planet is a moon that orbits the blue gas giant with rings like saturn
[NonSpaceAliens]
