[]++Viharani Shadow
The general climate is reminiscent of Europe or England, with mild summers and snows in winter. The sky is a deep rich blue, the sun yellow gold. Most of the land is covered by primeval forests, with some very tall trees.
Most of the forest animals are birds of one form or another (cf New Zealand).
Among others are:
- emu like birds - swift runners
- ostrich like birds, larger, capable of carrying a rider
- a green parrot the size of a medium dog. It eats anything, and does not fly.
- moas - they are the size of horses, and will eat anything smaller than them. They hunt in packs. They cannot fly, but they can run extremely swiftly over short distances. A pack can kill a human, though one moa generally will not attack.
- ruarth  it is a black bird that looks like a cross between a raven and an eagle. It is the size of a small plane, and it flies. There are some among our people who train these birds, and ride them. They are powerful enough to kill an armored man when they stoop, and they are quite capable of dismembering and eating a human.
- Topoko - This is a muscular bird that stands thrice as high as a horse, and is a formidable hunter. It has claws as long as my forearm, and a razor sharp beak designed for cutting bone.  I have seen one kill two moas when they would not leave their kill. It has stubby wings that have three claws like bats do, and they can use them to climb trees. According to tradition this is why we live in trees. They rarely climb more than twenty meters or so, and they are too big for most branches to support their weight. We put our entrances at least forty meters above the ground. But since we are sorcerers we protect our dwellings. No topoko will come near our villages.
