+The Viharani
The term Viharani means "people of the trees" in their own tongue. Their habitat is in the midst of vast forests. These forests are almost primeval, though there are clearings here and there, with trails through the undergrowth linking them. The trees of the viharani forests are sparser than the term forest suggests. This is because the oldest trees of one particular type grow to be over twenty meters in diameter, and perhaps four hundred meters tall. Most of these huge trees are hollowed out into rooms, and this is where the Viharani live. Aerial walkways connect the trees, anywhere from ten to three hundred meters above the ground. Some trees have extra rooms build on outside to give more living space. The inside of the trees is reminiscent of light houses, with one room situated above another.
The general climate is reminiscent of Europe or England, with mild summers and snows in winter. The sky is a deep rich blue, the sun yellow gold. The main forest animals are [ViharaniShadow].
The Viharani realm is a set of shadows. Most of the Viharani have the ability to shadow shift, though few ever visit the human realms. They did visit more frequently in the past, and their visits gave rise to the legends of the Elves and Elven lands. These realms have also been refered to by humans as Eldritch Realms. 
The viharani are telepathic amongst themselves, and are accomplished sorcerers. They are ruled by an elected queen and a council. They are almost all exclusively vegetarian. 
They are only about five feet tall, and of slim build. Their skins are the brown of bark, their hair the color of straw, their eyes the color of the sky, or the leaves of their beloved trees. Their faces have an East Indian cast to them, with large eyes. Their hair is braided into 50 or more braids, and the braids are strung with beads and ribbons. These tell their wearer's status, achievements and important life events.
Their clothing includes tartans for each tribe, and skirts and kilts as well as trousers for all. Their technology is best described as medieval, their society as celtic/gaelic. Matriarchal society, children live with their mother and her consort, despite who may have fathered them.
In general, masculine names end in --ror, --or. Femine names end in --ril, --il
++People
-  [Durathror]
-  [Imladril]
-  [Iskandor]
-  [Atlendor]
-  [Raanor]
++Related Links
-[ViharaniBraidMeanings]
