++Viharani (Old text)
I thought of how [Imladril] looked, and what her area looked like in the astral. Suddenly the scenery around us blurred, and became the astral part of Imladril's realm. We were in the midst of what appeared to be a vast forest. There were clearings here and there, with trails through the undergrowth linking them. The trees were more sparse than you might expect from the word forest, but they varied in size from saplings to huge ancient trees over twenty meters in diameter, and perhaps four hundred meters tall. Most of these huge trees were hollowed out into rooms, and it was in these trees that Imladril's people lived. Aerial walkways connected the trees, anywhere from ten to three hundred meters above the ground. Some trees had extra rooms build on outside to give more living space. Inside the trees were reminiscent of light houses, with one room situated above another.
I reviewed some of what I knew about Imladril. She was an accomplished sorcerer. I will define what I mean by sorcery later. She was perhaps eight centuries old, and had visited many different shadows in the course of her life. She had also given birth to something like eighteen children over the same period, which was not a particularly high number considering the length of her life. She lived in one of these tree houses with her current lover, her youngest child, a girl about twenty years of age, and several students.
We floated to a particular tree, which I realized was Imladril's home, and floated through the walls into a room. The walls were thick, between one and two meters. Going through them gave me a feeling like pushing through a curtain of water, accompanied by a slight tingling feeling. The fact that we could pass through the wall like this told me this was the physical world and its lowest level astral counterpart. There was some furniture in this room, but no occupants. We floated up through several rooms until we came to one that was occupied.
Imladril was seated at a table, talking with three other people. She was short, only about four feet eight inches tall. Her skin was coppery, her hair like spun gold, braided into perhaps fifty braids, each one strung with a number of colored beads. Her eyes were leaf green. She wore knee high boots and a tartan skirt. She also wore a laced bodice with sleeves that were gathered at mid forearm. The bodice was heavily embroidered. She looked about sixteen years of age.
She saw us as we entered, and smiled at us. She said something to her companions, and then her head seemed to drop forward onto her breast as if she were asleep. In an eyeblink her dreaming body was standing beside us, while her physical body remained seated on the chair. The others did the same, but slightly slower.
___
While we were thus engaged, [Durathror] appeared, accompanied by [Iskandor] and [Atlendor]. They are "The people of the Trees" or Viharani in their own language. They are only about five feet tall, and of slim build. Their skins are the brown of bark, their hair the color of straw, their eyes the color of the sky, or the leaves of their beloved trees. Their faces have an East Indian cast to them, with large eyes. Durathror has a droopy blond mustache, but the others are clean-shaven.
All three wore their hair shoulder length, braided into more than fifty braids. Each braid had colored ribbons and colored beads strung along it. They use these to tell each other their achievements, status in society, and their ages. I have some familiarity with what the beads mean, but each of the three wore many beads, denoting their high achievements. Imladril, the queen of their people, has promised to show me how to braid my hair, but I would have only a few beads, so to date I have not taken up her offer.
All three wore soft brown buskins, kilts of green and brown, and jerkins that looked like they were made from autumn leaves. They wore swords with leave shaped blades slung across their backs. All three are skilled sorcerers, and none of them look more than early twenties. Durathror is Imladril's eldest brother and the senior of the three, being over twelve hundred years old. Iskandor, who is Imladril's consort, is about seven hundred years old. Atlendor is Durathrors nephew, and the junior of the three at a mere three hundred and fifty.
